cjv5384jjjkp5adbsol0Alright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video. So in this video we're going to talk about the margin account and the cash account and which account should you go for while you're going to go on the interactive brokers or whatever broker you want to choose. Which accounts do you need to trade? Sorry, which broker do you actually need? Which account do you need? All sort of stuff.This is very, very important. Alright, so in the next video we are definitely going to go over in deeper into how to set up an account but before that we need to understand why are we setting those accounts. Okay, I'll go over, I'll share my screen and I'll go over how to actually make an account but let's go over margin and cash account and which account is important.Okay, now margin account. What is margin account? What's cash account? Now, I have divided this into like seven different topics so we understand a little bit more. So leverage, short stocks, rules, interest, real risk and how long it takes for money to settle and days till the money settles.Okay, so leverage. The margin account, as the margin suggests, it gives you leverage. That means you can buy more shares than the cash in the account.So let's say you have $5,000 in your account, right? That simply means, so let's say you have$5,000 in a trading account. That means if it gives you a leverage, that means you can buy shares worth $10,000. That's simply what margin means.Okay, but if you have a cash account, that means the max shares you can buy is $5,000. Like that's, you cannot buy more than $5,000 worth shares. Okay, can only trade with the available cash in accounts to buy stocks.Now, can you short stocks in a margin account? Yes, you can. Why? Because, so when you're shorting stocks, as we discussed in the previous videos, when you short stocks, what happens is your risk is very, very wide and your broker wants to be at a good spot if in case the stock turned against you, your broker don't want to owe the money to nobody, right? So the broker wants the best risk reward for him, right? Like anybody else. So you can short stocks in margin account, but you cannot short the stocks in a cash account, okay? Now, what are the rules over$25,000? So if you have a PDT, PDT rule is a pattern day trading rules.That means you can only take three day trades a week, okay? If you have under $25,000, you can only take three day trades per week. That sucks, right? But if you have a cash account, there's no limit like that. You can take trade, let's say you have $5,000 and you divided that$5,000, $5,000 into five different pieces, which is $1,000 each.You know what that means? That simply means you can take five different trades for the day. And after every thousand that you use, you'll be only left with 4,000 for the day to take trades
on, okay? Those are called free riding rules. So after two trades, you take $2,000, you only have$3,000 left to take trades moving forward. All right? Make sense? Yes. Yeah. You got it.I know you got it. All right. So with free riding rules, the money will settle, this money, all the money will settle in one day and we'll go over that, okay? Interest.Interest on borrowed money. If you borrow money from the broker, they're going to charge you a little bit of interest, just like any credit card or anything, right? For the cash account, there's no interest, like because you do not actually borrow. What is the risk level? There's a lot of risk, like it's a high risk when you're borrowing money and the stock goes against you, let's say 5,000, you can lose an entire 5,000 within a day.You can lose even more than 5,000 in some instances. Why? Because even if you have 5,000, but they're letting you play with 10,000, you can lose some instances, you can lose even more than 5,000. And now you owe your broker money and you have to pay the money back, okay? On the cash account, there's literally only risk that you have is if you take some trades and the trades didn't work and you can lose your money.I'd rather lose my money than somebody else's money. And then I have to give him money back while I've lost all my money as well, like fuck it, right? Now, the money settles. The money settles immediately for the margin account, like straight away.But if you're doing stocks, it takes three days for stock cash account money to settle, okay? Now, it's quite a lot. That's why we do options, because options settle the next day. And if you have an over $25,000 margin account, your money sells immediately, like straight away.But with a cash account, it will settle next day. Now, it's kind of good in a way as well. Let's say if you take a trade and today things are not working for you, right? So, what will happen is if you do not have these free riding rules, if things are not working, you can lose entire $5,000 on the same day.You'll keep trading. You'll over trade. But this is a way of them protecting you, okay? I want you to think of it as a good way, because they're trying to protect you by only giving you, okay, any money that you use will be settled next day.That means if you get too emotional, if you get too emotional with one trade, you cannot touch their money. Two trades, you cannot touch them. This money is, will free it tomorrow.It's kind of a way to kind of just protect you. They put that money in the jail. That's how I usually think about it.They put that money in jail and, you know, and they consider it not a good money to trade for the same day, right? Then three, four, but they will release it tomorrow and you can take trades
again. So, let's say on a $5,000 account, you took five trades and you made $500. That means next day you have $5,500 to trade with.But if you lose $200 on all of these, that means next day you have $4,800 to trade with, right? Make sense? So margin and cash account, which one should you go for? You should go for cash account. Why? The risk is low and for the options, it works the best, okay? And we care about the risk is low. Now you might be like, but how do I short if I do? No, you can still short options.Like, I mean, when I say short options, I mean, you can still buy puts, which we're going to discuss. You can still buy puts. I think we discussed in the last module, we can still buy puts, right? And still make money when the stocks go down.We just can't short stocks, right? So which account should we go for? Cash account, right? Sweet. All right. I'll see the next one now, right? This is clear.As long as this is clear, we can move to the next one. I think this is clear. So let's jump to the next one now.
cjv5461bb72p7oi2cspgAlright, sweet, what is going on? So, let's do this. Let's set up your account. So, you logged on to your Interactive Brokers and this is a paper trading account.This is what you get when you first log on to your paper trading account because I didn't want to reveal my real account number and I have everything set up on the real account already. So, I didn't want to undo everything and do again. So, I just decided to jump on the paper trading account and just show you how to actually set up your charts.Not charts, but how to actually set up your broker. So, when you first log on, it will roughly show you like this. Welcome to this.Sweet, let it go. You don't need none of this. Like, nothing is important.Alright, the first thing we need to do is make this a little bit bigger so you can at least see this. Alright, sweet, sounds good. Alright, now, what do we do here? The first thing I want you to do is go to this plus icon right here.Alright, everything, don't touch nothing yet. Alright, just go to this plus icon right here. Great, just say what you're going to call it.Like, in this case, I'm calling it test. Great, right here, new window. You want to go, the first thing you want to do if you want to set up the broker like exactly like how I have, the first thing you want to have is you want to have option trader.Okay, it will be option trader sitting right here. If it's not here, it will be in this tools somewhere here, but option trader should sit under option two. Okay, option trader, put that in your charts.Don't display none of like, we don't want none of this crap. Alright, so we have this. Now, we have this, let's edit some settings out so we actually see stuff right here.Go to the settings right here, go to settings right in this corner, settings. Now, now it's time for us to edit a few things out here. Okay, let me make it a little bit smaller if it allows me to.I won't. Alright, sweet, no problem. Anyway, so once we're in the settings, I'll just do the setting exactly like how I have.Alright, so you can just copy, alright. You don't want this, no. Rest everything looks good.After every single particular thing, just click apply and then move forward. Hotkeys, we'll come back to the hotkeys in a minute. Go to the buttons.We'll come back to the buttons as well in a minute, right? Go to the code panel. So when you go to the code panel, this all looks good, right? I'm looking at the notes here, that's why I'm paying attention to this side as well. Alright, this is good.
Then go auto columns, don't change nothing. Sweet. Then have trade columns.In the trade columns, we want, this is done, rise, find quantity. Alright, this is all good. This is all good.In this, apply portfolio. Under portfolio, I want you to change a few things here, okay? What I want you to do is, I want you to get rid of your daily P&L, remove. We don't want to see daily P&L, alright? What do we want to see is this unrealized P&L.So if you can't search here, just, if you can't find it, just search unrealized P&L, add this. Alright, we'll move things around in a minute, okay? You don't want to see the market value of current thing right now. What you want to see is your cost basis.How much money you have in the trade, right? So you can kind of base your decisions on top using that, alright? So let's change the settings down a little bit. Position, good. Unrealized, move it a little bit higher.Cost basis, move it higher. Then you have average price, a little bit higher. Actually, average price stay here, last and average price.This is sweet, done, okay? Click apply, we'll come back to it later, okay? Then we have this option chain, we'll come back to this in a minute. Let's go to statistics. We do not want to change anything in statistics, so this is good.Now, let's get back to the option chain because this is where a lot of things change, okay? Now what we need to do right here is we need to get rid of this little X thing, get rid of the X. We don't want to, like you can have delta, you don't want to have gamma, you don't want to have vega, theta, separated, nothing, right? So we need description, open interest, move it higher, open interest, move volume next to open interest right here, bid, ask, and this. Now what do you want here is you want the mid price, so you know if it's too far apart, the spreads and bids, the bid and ask, right? Mid price, delta, this is good, click apply. All right, sweet, now we're done.This is done, all done, we'll go back to the hotkeys in a few minutes, click apply, go back, all right? So much more easy, you will see, click put names here, say apple in this case. All right, done, okay? So apple's done. Now what do we need more here? What I need more from you is go to this new window right at the top, okay? Go to the new window right at the top, make this maybe a little bit smaller if you want, go to the window right here, and I want you to pick this order entry.So get this order entry thing out and move this right at the bottom, spread this out, right? Just leave this here, go to the new window again. I want you to go to this order management, then go to the orders. Once you have that, we want to put this right in here.This is done, you don't want to have this like too big, so it's good. You might actually need to, this is good, like this can be a little bit smaller if you want, this is just to tell you what trade are
you in right now, right? This is good, make option change a little bit bigger, sweet, okay? Done. Click this plus icon, add trades, and add summary as well, okay? Now this is all done.Sweet, so far, up until, everything's good. Now what I want you to do after this is I want you to lock this, okay? Now because this is done, lock. So this is all saved, okay? So you don't have to Now it's time for us to set up the hotkeys, because we need them.And if you want to add more names to this, so that you do not have to individually go back and type over and over again, you can add tabs here. Just right click this code panel, go to this code panel, right click. Then it says add tab, just add the tab.Now you can add Amazon, all the names that you usually trade every day. Amazon, things like Tesla. Right now, make this smaller, make this smaller.Every day you'll have to make it a little bit smaller, so it's not like annoying you. Now, sometimes what happens is you will not see this weekly options, right? In this case, you see the weekly options, but sometimes what will happen, they will not actually show you the weekly option there, right? So why basically that happens is usually because they only want to show you the monthly option for some fucking reason. Personally, I personally like, instead of the tabbed view, I personally like the list view.Why? So it's just like this, it's quickly, I can just go, oh, I'll trade them next week. I can just trade the next week options like this. It's a little bit easier.Personally, I like the list view and you have to put the list view for each and every one first time and after that it's all done. List view, that's what I like. Anyway, you can do just this, collapse all and then just open one.You know, have eight or 10 strikes, that's plenty. And this is where kind of you will have to sometimes, you know, when option chain doesn't load up, just go here, click one month. So you don't see too many, too much stuff.And you just see the recent stuff. Okay. And should we get to go? And this is all done.Option chain is ready to go. Now in portfolio, I want you to come to this portfolio. You can turn off this core tab.We don't need this core tab. All right. So what I want you to do when you come to this portfolio, right here, unrealized P&L, right click this, click this error, display value, click display percentage.Why do you want to have percentage? So it actually doesn't tell you how much you up on the money side. So it actually tells you how much, not money, but actually tells you like percentage. If you have 10%, 20%, 15% or whatever.Right. So now let's set up the hotkeys, right? So how do you set up the hotkeys? Go right to this
little thing for the option chain, go right to this little thing, the settings, settings, go to the hotkeys. You don't want to change nothing.Just, we're going to add some hotkeys here. Okay. Go to this buy, buy and sell.These are the two hotkeys that we want. All right. Go to the buy, create shortcut and then press record.Say shift one, you want to have four, buy. Now this is all done, right? Shift one is recorded. Now you want to customize this hotkey.Buy absolute, how many shares, how many contracts you want to buy? I want to buy one contract. What's the order type? Have limit price here. Limit order, order type is limit price at ask.That's what I have set up. I want to buy an ask, sell a bid. Okay.I want to buy an ask and make sure you put 0.00. So it actually, the order goes exact at ask, nothing else. Okay. Now the most important thing you want to do is click this transmit the order instantaneously, right? Transmit the order instantaneously.Click yes if you agree. Yes. Okay.Now I'll show you one sell, create shortcut, customize, record, control one. Go to customize, sell, absolute one, limit at the bid because you want to sell at the bid, right? You always get up quickly. 0.00. Don't change anything else and just press this because you want the orders instantaneously to go straight away, right? You don't want it to give you another confirmation.Press okay. And then I have one more. So you can have as many buy, like shift two for two contracts, shift three for three contracts, shift four for four contracts, shift five for 10 contracts.Whatever you want to have, right? That's literally on you. What I, one more that I have is I have cancel all orders, right? Go to the cancel all orders, create shortcut, record, control C. Okay. That's what I have.If I have my order, any order pending, instead of actually going to that particular order and canceling the order, you can just press control C and it will automatically cancel all the pending orders, right? And make sure you have it cancel all orders right here. Okay. Once you have canceled all orders, okay.And you can set as many hotkeys you want, right? Press supply. When you press supply and okay, this is done. Now, of course the market's not open.It's still one hour to go for the market to open, but, but again, but I'll show you how to actually execute now, right? I'll show you how to actually execute. Now I'll press shift one. So this is how to execute, right? So let's say, Oh, Apple's moving.
Oh, shit. Apple's moving. What do I do? So instead of you going like, Oh my goodness, you know, I'm going to lose this or that, whatever.This is what I want you to do, right? Simple. Go to the contract, the contract you want to trade. Make sure you click this C or P. If you want to trade calls 195 calls, you click this 195 calls.See, click this. Once you click this, if you're going to jump in puts, click the P, click, then you press your shift one. And here's the order, right? This is like, Oh, first time we will show this.Don't display this message. Transmit. Always use.No problem. Let it use whatever it wants to do. Sweet.This is how you can get in. Does it make sense? And if you think order canceled shift one really quickly, you want to get in shift one, click here, shift one. And just like, uh, it will ask you a few, few times.It will ask you, um, a few, a few of these things. And, um, and after this, it will be, if you want to, if you want to cancel the order that you have pending. So you go click here, shift one.This is like you have auto pending, but you want to cancel it. You don't want to cancel it from here. Just press the hotkey that we had control C first time you left to set this up.All right. So now look at this. I have to jump in one 90 puts.I go click here, shift one, and I didn't get filled on a canceled control C auto gets canceled straight away. All right. Now how to sell this same thing.If you're in the trade, if you're in the trade, you press control one. It will literally sell straight away for you. Okay.You get my point. This is how to simply execute. And this is how I do it.And this is how I think everybody should have like quick, easy. And, um, I hope this was helpful because we broke down how to set up the hotkeys. We broke down how to set up this particular thing.And we booked on everything. So let's get the money. All right. Sweet.
cjv5465gsuq2i82srh9gwhat is going on fam welcome back to another video in this video we're gonna go over how to set up the charts like mine okay we'll start from the very very basic charts that we left off in the previous videos and now we're gonna go over how to actually set up the charts like exactly mine okay so the first thing that you need to do is you need to go on this indicators right here okay this is indicators go click this indicators as soon as you click this indicators it will take you to the this and this will be empty while using this because you do not have any favorites but let's go over first things first what do we need to add we need to have we need to add moving averages okay so just say ema say ema and click this twice once and then one more time okay you'll see everything on this side okay indicators ema is done we'll worry about them later um the settings and everything let's add all the indicators then you need to add just write sma when you say sma which is simple moving average you need to click this once boom let's add it what else need volume which is already there if the volume is not there just search volume and the first one just volume that will appear just click this okay which is already there so i'm not going to do it after volume need to search vwap v w a p this is the first one v wap click this okay this is done what else do you need do you need you need ripster ripster ema clouds by this guy ripster 47 ripster ema clouds click this okay then you need open price go open price search open price this guy feebly ocean anywhere um open price this is done what else do you need then you need to have emas are done simple moving average is done this is done then you need to add orb search orb but this guy called zzz crypto add this okay um total indicators three six seven eight yeah roughly sounds about right okay this is done all the indicators are here i'm gonna just click just type five or just when you type five it'll go to the five minute chart and if you need to change the name like if you look at apple and you want to go to spy just click anywhere on the chart and just type spy and it will take you to spy okay so now you need to change the time frame just click five it will take you to the time frame now it's like oh my god this is mess how do we clean this out don't stress right now we'll clean this takes about a minute now go on the first one like everything will go here and we'll click the settings click settings now let's change some stuff around visibility for volume everything stays the same style everything's good just need to turn this on volume ma okay and change the color to yellow i like yellow this is done okay this is good then you need to go to inputs in the inputs just search 10 just put the 10 number down and okay volume is done then ema the first ema we need to set it up to 880 ma the rest everything stays the same okay then you need to go to the style everything stays same change the color to i like atma to have a green color okay green done visibility everything stays the same okay atma is done the second ema we need is go click here visibility stays the same style change the color to red i like this red okay and this is a 21 ema put 21 everything stays same 21 this is done then sma the simple moving average click the settings change the length to 200 200 okay 200 rest everything stays same style go click this and change it to orange i like orange okay and this is a little bit different from everybody so we'll change this to circles i like a circles okay circles everything stays the same done now weave up now my bad this is not the one my um go to settings now the first thing inputs hide weave
up on click this hide okay then turn this off we don't want the bands we don't want nothing okay everything stays the same then go on style just change the color to white i like white if you like choosing white charts then change the color to black but white chart this is good rest everything stays the same visibility you need to turn it off on months weeks days hours minutes max you want to see till 15 minutes okay this is it 1 to 15 okay this is done then rips through clouds go to the settings you need to leave everything on if you want to just leave everything on with the visibility style everything can stay the same inputs pretty much everything stays same we just turn off the cloud 1 and cloud 2 just leave the cloud number 3 that's all okay this is done open price go here settings yearly open close monthly open close weekly open close daily open change the color i like yellow color change the color to or you can change the color i think i personally have yellow color but for myself um leave yellow okay then everything else um stays same now on visibility change it or turn it off for ranges months weeks days hours and max you want to see till 15 15 rest everything good okay orb go here again turn it off for hours days weeks months ranges and just 15 that's all we want to see go to the style can stay the same beautiful go to the inputs here orb total time we want to change it to 15 but now we want to change the time from the market open to first 15 so change the time from 9 30 to 9 45 okay this is done and you can go to the style and as you can see the thickness is quite a lot so we want to make the thickness small same for your thickness small okay done now all the indicators that we use every single day are on the charts right here beautiful see what i'm saying all the indicators are here now you might be like bro but how do you see the price action we do not leave everything on we turn off stuff like this is off ripster is off wevap can stay on sma can stay on ema is off we only turn them on when it's time for strategies to be traded okay otherwise we leave them off all right we're gonna go over exactly how to kind of know when to turn them on when to turn them off but this is how i set up my charts and this is exactly it now remember when we chose open price or anything that we chose just max 15 minutes that means if you go on a 30 minute chart so which one this is open price right this is where the price opened on this particular day this is when the price opened now if you want to go on a we'll go on a 30 minute charts the line will not show look at this that line is gone right we don't even see wevap we don't even see that we don't even see a lot of bunch of other indicators all these that have this yellow um thing these had the settings for them see what i'm saying which is why i like this so much all right call one hour chart we set our levels whatever now this is how we set up the indicators this is how i set up the indicators that's how you need to set up your indicators as well okay this is pretty much it the indicators are done you're doing freaking amazing and we're making progress we're making progress next um next video will be on the indicators master class now you have the indicators we'll talk about more indicators in next upcoming videos but now you have your indicators charts look exactly like mine this is how my charts look okay sweet you killing it let's get to the next video now let's fucking go
cjv5545gsuq2i82srhagAlright what is going on fam, welcome back to another video. In this video we are going to go over how to actually get the charts, how to set up the trading view. So without any further delay, let's get to it straight away.Now first thing first, you need to go on a tradingview.com. Go on tradingview.com, www.tradingview.com. When you come to the tradingview.com, this is what you land at roughly. This is everything in tradingview, this is how things are. But anyway, before I'll just do a quick little, what is, what actually happens in tradingview.We look at charts in tradingview and all sort of this. This is all crap, we don't need this. Trading brokers, you don't need the brokers to have in tradingview.We only use it for charting, nothing else. And this is it. Now let's get to how to set up the charts though, shall we? Or how to actually get the, which platform you need, like what sort of, how to actually get everything done.So let's go. Now you need to click this, get started button right here. Oh, you can't see maybe because of my video.You need to go click this, get started. As soon as you click this, get started, it will take you to this page right here. Yeah, it'll take you to this page, get started.And it would say $0 forever free until you're ready. Um, no, we don't need this. No, no, no, no, we don't need this.No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. Um, this is what we don't need because they actually give you basically nothing in this.All right. We need the premium. Okay.Now you might be like, bro, but that's $60 a month. I understand. Totally understand.$60 a month quite be a lot, but it is what it is. We need this. Yes, we need this.We need this in order to grow, right? This is the only thing that you need. $60 a month. Then you need to click this drive free for 30 days.Just click this. Now the reason why you need to click this is by the end of your trial, the marketing system will give you 50% off. So basically you'll pay $30 a month.If you pay for the whole year, right? What is that $30 a month for the whole year? That's like 360 bucks. Understand. That's a lot of money, but Hey, this is what you need.All right. So try free for 30 days. You click that and you click Google or whatever you want to use
Facebook, Google, Twitter, or however you want to use it, right? Or you want to set up, set it up with an whatever it is.Howsoever you want to set it. As soon as you do, you will come to a window pane or something like I'll show you in one second. So after you have signed in, after you have done the main stuff that you need to do.So you'll see your account like this. This is like I've signed in now. Okay.Or signed up. Um, not what do you need to do right now is there's two options. Okay.Sorry, my bad. There's two options right now. You can go on this more and then you can download desktop app.It will download the app that you need for your, this thing. Okay. If you need the app for your computer, it will download the app for your computer.Now you do not need to do this. Hey, you can use just the website, but it's quite cool. I use the desktop app.It's quite cool. Anyway. Now for this video, let's just go over right here, right? We don't need like special this.So go to the product, click the super charts. When you click the super charts, it will take you to pretty much this and you'll come to this page. It will take you to the super charts because these are the charts that we need.Okay. Now we need to set it up everything. Now, this is, this looks quite like it hurts my eyes.Like what hurting my eyes? Like it's too bright. So you can go here and you can turn on your dark mode. Okay.Just go to the profile, turn on your dark mode. As you can see, I have a premium account as well. I pay the most expensive one as well.Okay. So get that done. Now, what do you need to do is the most important thing right now is you need to go and like, if your trading view, like if you're signing up right now, your trading view would show two things like this.Hang on. Let me see the brush. It was short to red lines like this.Okay. If you see these two red lines, you need to click that need to click those two red lines and you need to sign up a, you need to sign up for the market data. Now this trading view, the $60,$50 that we were talking about, you are paying for trading view.Like that's, that's how the company makes money. Right. But this market data fee goes to the exchange.
Okay. You need three different exchanges. The one you need is our stack.Then you need NYSE and you need our car or they have a bundle as well. I think the bundle costs like $9.95. I think $9.95 a month, like $10 a month. Okay.So go click on these two red dots. Then it will be like, learn more. And after the learn more, you need to subscribe to the real time data, click here, subscribe to the real time data.And then you'll see the charts like this. Otherwise the charts won't be like the best charts. Okay.You have my point. It will be a little bit funny. Now, if you want to see what those red dots would look like, let me show you.Hang on. Okay. So these two red dots will roughly look like this.So you need to go click here. You know what it says one update every five seconds. Now we're data is five seconds.Quite a lot. You need to click here. Then you need to click one update per five seconds, learn more.And it'd be like, all right, you know, it will open up a thing on the side. Right. And then you need to just sign up for that particular thing.Okay. That's pretty much everything that you need to do. Otherwise you see the price section.Like this price section may be similar. The daily timeframe for five minute price section. Look at this price section for a minute.Let's turn on the extended trading hours. I'll go over all this stuff in a minute. This price section compared to this price section is quite different.Let me show you. Look at this one now, right? Look at this one. Now this price section compared to this price section is quite different.You might be like, but it looks exactly the same. No, it doesn't. I promise you doesn't. A lot of things change. A lot of things change here. Okay.So this is the stuff. This is a real time data. This is what you need.Okay. Now after this is done, you'll be, you can just click right here. You can come here and you can click like one day, whatever.I, one minute you don't need, but anyway, we'll go with this stuff in a minute. Um, anyway, so this is what you will be at sitting. Okay.Now we haven't set up the charts like, um, anything, but we'll go over the settings a little bit. So
the settings, just pause the video and set up a chart like mine. Okay.These are the colors that I have. This is the settings for here to set up, set this up exactly like I have. Right.This is the settings for scales. Done. This setting for canvas, this is setting for trading and these are settings for events.Okay. After this is done, your charts will roughly look like mine. Okay.After we are here, what do you need to do right now is we need to set, set up like, we need to learn a little bit of like, um, you know, how do you get different sort of stuff or dah, dah, dah. Now everything on the side here, everything's on the side. That's pretty much what you need over time.Slowly. When you see me use this, um, every single day you'll learn as well, but the hotkeys are pretty good. I like the hotkeys.The keyboard shortcuts are pretty good. If you want to learn, just click here, go keyboard shortcuts, and they will try to explain you the keyboard shortcuts for charting indicators and drawing. Um, this is what we need.Like over time you'll learn like how to actually get the best out of it. You can like the trend line alt plus D the trend line actually starts working like alt plus D you can set a trend line, right? Alt plus H that's a horizontal line. Alt plus J that's a right.If I'm going from this point, um, if you need to set up a vertical line, alt plus V that's a vertical line, right? If you need to set cross line, Fibonacci, square, rectangle, you need to select the rectangle from here and shift. Anyway, you got the point, right? This is pretty much the main, main, most important one that I use are this and the trend line. That's pretty much it.So I use alt H and alt D pretty much every single day. These are the most important ones, right? You get my point? That's it. This is it.To set an alert, it's quite easy. You click this plus icon, add alert. The alert's here. That's it. The price goes there, it will alert you. Period.So simple, right? This is pretty much it. Like everything that you need to know. Now you know about trading view and just set, get the new real time data.And in the next video, we'll go over how to set up the charts like mine. And I think you got this. All right.Keep going. Keep pushing. The charts look beautiful. Hey, that's fucking go. All right. You got this.
Let's go.
cjv5624jjjkp5adbsopgAlright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video. So in this video I want to talk about one very important topic, which is very close to my heart. Topic is how do you properly use indicators? Because the reason why it's close to my heart is because back in the day when I was starting out I literally thought that indicators is the way to get to the money.I legit was sitting there be like Oh, there's a indicator there. The whole stock market can bounce because of one line that is on my chart like how Stupid is that right? that's like trying to stop a car that is running at 100 miles an hour with a little piece of like a Little piece of thread and you're like, maybe it'll stop. I mean, come on.Come on, man So anyway now before we even start I want to talk about one very important topic You know this is like this is like one of the things that I was kind of struggling with when I was starting out back in the Day, and I want to go over this a little bit detail with you So, you know just like let's say you you having some losses right you you having some losses in your trading career And what do you do you go and you ask some dude on the internet, right? You are some guy on the internet be like some trade on the internet. Hey, man, you know, I'm having some losses I've been taking some losses This this this is this and you know, the first thing that you're gonna say like this is you this is you you tell this Guy a man. I'm taking some losses.You know what you're gonna say? He's gonna say Detach I mean like what? You're gonna say bro All you need to do is detach yourself from money and back in the day when someone told me that I always used to think Like how but now where I am I still have the same question like what do you fucking mean, bro? Like what does that even mean that detach yourself from money like doesn't matter where I'm in my life, right? The days when I had no money when I was literally broke and I came to a new country for the first year I was literally living like a life of like a misery and even then and even now When I have a lot of money like relatively I love fucking money All right, like I want you to love money as well never detach yourself from money That doesn't work right and if you detach yourself from money man, you need to go find some other career All right. This is why we're trading Hey, we trade for fucking money and you cannot detach yourself from money put that in your fucking head Alright, but the best simplest way to kind of go about this whole thing is you cannot detach You cannot the best way to kind of go about this is you need to follow frameworks like period you need to follow Frameworks for pretty much everything now think about what what does the framework means now? You can can you make a cake like if you need to bake a cake? Can you bake a cake without the ingredients required to make a cake? No, can you make a coffee without coffee? No, can you go to let's say you need to fly to a different country? Can you fly without catching a plane or any sort of transportation? No, I mean, of course you will I can walk there But no, yeah, no, so same thing. You cannot get rich without frameworks Right now if you don't have the cake stuff, the cake is not coming right like period Won't be a thing called cake now same thing here.
I want you to put this in your head Now you cannot get profitable without frameworks you will never be profitable without frameworks Okay. Now I want you to think of frameworks in trading as price action Okay, price action every single candle it's going up and down. There's a framework behind it There's a reason why it's going up and down this everything happening on the planet on the face of earth There's a reason why it's happening Okay Same thing in day trading everything happening if it's going up if it's going down if it fails to go up and down anything There's a framework.There's a reason why that's happening. Okay, same thing. You cannot get profitable without learning price action Okay, before you learn price action, you need to like let's say you learn price action before you actually become profitable You need to have the discipline to follow the fucking price action strategies that I'm gonna teach you Okay market the stock market is always giving you clues.There's always something missing right? Let's say you make a coffee, right? Let's say you make a coffee for your dad and he wants two sugars and you make make him a coffee without sugars No, he'll have a sip the first sip. He'll have it be like the coffee is giving him a clue. There's no sugar There's no sweetness.Hey, so what are you gonna say? Did you not put any sugar? How did he find out that you didn't put sugar the taste that's a clue right stock market is always giving you clues like period Everything that's going up or going down is giving you clues and if something is happening and you're not sure why is that happening? There's always a reason behind why is that happening? Okay, which is why you following the exact strategies that we're gonna go over in this whole course Plus we're gonna go over in the you know, we are doing Tuesdays and Thursdays We are doing classes or Q&A sessions or whatever you want to call them, right? We are going to dig deep into everything more video I'm gonna add so many more videos into the core over the course of like next six months in this whole modules like every single module Like those are the stuffs which is going to be the nail on the coffin which is going to make you grow as a trader Okay, because why market is always giving you clues you always are missing something if you're taking losses There's a reason why you are taking losses if you're being profitable There's a reason why you're being profitable which is why journaling is so important If you do not know why something is happening I mean at the end of the day you will never be able to seek growth in your trading All right So which is why I personally think if you want to grow as a trader you need to have frameworks you need to learn price action And you need to learn the reasons the missing links the missing clues You'd like before you even learn that you need to be even aware of this something missing here If you're not even aware of something's missing I mean guess what somebody who have never ever tried sugar in his life ever Let's say he never tried anything sweet. You give him a coffee and he asked for two sugars, right? You give him a coffee and you didn't put sugar Do you really think the person gonna find out that you put sugar or not? Because he doesn't know what it tastes like a first place, right? So before you even find out about these clues, you need to know that these clues exist Which is what we are gonna work on and we're gonna work on heavy on this stuff Which is why I always said they're gonna
take six months But if you're ready to commit for your fucking growth, I'm ready to bet on you All right, so keep pushing keep going. We're gonna learn the frameworks.We're gonna learn the price action We're gonna learn the missing clues the missing links because market is all about giving you hints If we learn those hints we can become insanely profitable. Okay now how to properly use indicators So first things first, I want I want you guys to do is check the everything later I want you to learn about the price section of the stock anything you're doing with the indicators before you even start using indicator For that particular trade. I want you to check the price section of the stock After you have checked the price section of the stock, then you can go ahead and check the indicators that you like Okay, let's say you're using reward which we are going to break down how to use the rewards and everything Don't worry about that.But before you even do that, I want you to go check the price section then check the indicators Okay, and then make sure there's no critical resistance point sitting on the higher time frame Let's say this you're doing a 5-minute chart trade right on a 5-minute chart It's bouncing on the view up but the price rejected of a daily level There's a daily level a big big big level sitting there and you're trying to catch a little bounce What are the chances if you're this is your stop-loss? This is a risk to reward I mean, it doesn't sound very good. What are the chances? You're gonna actually make a big move very low Why because there's a critical level critical resistance level sitting right at the top So when you are taking a trade, I want you to make sure like there's no big critical resistance level sitting on the top Which is what we are going to work in this whole course as well All right, then I want you to check overall market like if a whole market is going down I mean, there's very low probability that this trade that you're about to take will actually go up, right? So check the overall market if the trades still look good to be placed and then I want you to know your entry point Where I'm gonna enter. Okay after you know where you're gonna enter I want you to know where is your stop-loss if you don't know where your stop-loss is I mean then you stand to lose so much money and stop-loss is always there's a reason why you put a stop-loss stop-loss never Goes on a particular level because you like the fucking number.That's not how stock market works Okay, there's a reason why we say this is we're gonna take profits This is where my stop-loss is if you don't know the reasons you will lose So you need to know your entry need to know your stop-loss and then you need to know your profit target, right? First comes your entry then comes your stop-loss not profit target You need to know how much you stand to lose a first place Okay, and then you need to execute your trade to your best of the ability. Okay, it's never gonna be perfect Let me be real. It's never ever gonna be perfect There's always you're gonna make some mistakes, which is fine Which is why we are here to take trade tomorrow as well If you make a mistake today you journal you learn something from it tomorrow.You're a little bit better. That's an upgraded software So you make a mistake you fix the mistake by simply just finding out and trying to learn how to fix the mistake We'll go over this stuff in
detail how to fix the mistakes How to actually make the logic sense behind it and then what you need to do next step you upgrade your system Then you try to use the system again. So you use it fix upgrade use fix upgrade that loop goes on forever Okay, that's how Apple you see the Apple always launches the new software updates They launch they find out and what they do next they fix the launch again You get my point so and then you need to execute your trades your best of your ability Okay, now things to be careful of while you you you're using indicators now first things first The reason why I wanted to do this one quick 10 minute video before we even move forward the reason was I want the Expectations about the indicators to be right because back in the day my expectations about the indicators were very very shit I literally thought the indicators are the Holy Grail.The price action is the Holy Grail Okay, we'll go over this in detail things to be careful while you're using indicators. They don't always work There will be times when indicators don't work and it's okay Okay, if everything worked all of the time then I mean at the end of the day, it won't be fun Everyone will be making money That means nobody loses money in the stock market somebody has to lose money for you to make money at first place Right, like if Bob doesn't lose money then Rob never makes money period right? So they don't always work trading them on their own means false and weak action Never ever trade just the indicator one line by itself It's like trying to stop a hundred mile truck that is moving a hundred miles an hour with a tiny tiny fucking thread doesn't work Right try to understand. Why are you like why you're using a certain indicator? These indicators are not just lines on the charts There's a reasoning why we put those indicators on our stock charts at first place Like I said, everything that is on your chart is like a real estate.It's your real estate. It's your business This is how it work If you don't know why it's on your charts You'll have a hard time like even even following the indicator to the fullest to the extreme Why because you'd have a line and you have no idea why you're following in a first place, right? You get my point now. I understand I understand this will this might have be like ha it makes sense, which is good That's whole point of this stuff right now in the next video We are going to break down like the indicators, you know Separate indicators that I use for trading and think you got this.I know you do and I'll see you in the next one All right, that's fucking good. I'm trying to work out man. These do fucking things and all fucking happening I'm trying to work out.My hair is all messy came back from the gym Slow and steady. It's just like the stock market slow and steady far out. Let's see.Let's see Alright, I'll see you in the next one
cjvgio1bb72p7oi2d7ngAlright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video. In this video, we're going to go over how to actually open your Interaction broker's account. Okay, so I'll show you roughly how to open it and if you have any questions anywhere you get stuck just reach out to us in the discord and Pretty sure we all will be more than happy to help you out how to actually open an account Okay, by the way, you see my cat.She wants to see outside the blind and she's been banging the blind What can you do? You know what? I'm gonna pause so I can open the blind for her Hang on. I feel bad man. You see I'm a nice person See I opened the blind for her and now she just want to sit there now There will be light coming from my behind but you know, that's for my cat.Her name is Jazzy, by the way, and She's sitting on the automatic vacuum that I have for my office. My office gets messy So I that just goes off every week You just clean my office and keeps it clean and tidy most of the time when I'm sleeping So I wake up to a clean office clean mopped everything and it's pretty good I think that one is Robo rock s7 ultra if you're looking for one This is the one like it's bloody good does everything by itself. Anyway, there's a trading course not Know how to choose a good vacuum.Anyway, let's get to living on my screen So now what do you need to do here? You just search interactive brokers I made a spelling mistake the search interactive brokers on Google That's all search interactive brokers and it will kind of go over like this. Is there a good broker? Whatever and just click the first link is for UK interactive brokers hard to open and interactive broker account Let's say that sounds good. Alright, so it will kind of bring you here Okay, kind of bring you here on this page and then just go open an account sponsored doesn't matter open an account Right click here open an account and it will kind of take you to Let's wait for the loading Done now you need to open an account.What account do you need to open it? They will ask you now we need to open individual account. We need to open individual account. Like these are different accounts This for like hedge funds institutions.If you're trading someone else's money. This is the one but this is the one for us I this is what we need. So go individual investor or trader just individually individuals That's individual joint joint account with somebody IRA trust, but individual click here.Let's see Some crap whatever Right start application. Okay start application. Let's see what it is Okay, so put your email put your username password Confirm password, whatever you want to do, right and I will put my stuff down and I will see you in one second Alright, so after you have done that they will send you a verification email now to verify your email Which is mandatory so we can approve your account just like, you know Go to your email and verify it and then they'll ask you what broker account you need to open you need to open individual Okay, start
application be a while then I haven't done it.So let's see. I think we got this Okay, so put your stuff down here. Mr. Sumesh your last name your address everything put it here Okay.So anyway, you come to this page and you will see contact information put your stuff down. Mr For me so mash last name your address your city your zip code and everything your phone number all sort of information Once you do that, they will ask you they'll pretty much do the whole thing for you and then press confirm and things done This is so easy. Alright, let's see what they say and I'll fill it up and I'll see the next page in a minute Alright Pam, so put your stuff down here Alright after you put your stuff down they will take you to the regulatory that you just have to say that you know You're not trading for somebody else's money You're actually trading with your own money and stuff just like some formalities you need to do and then they will ask you certain questions Like how much money do you make how much how much worth you are if you struggle with getting any sort of stuff? just reach out to us and You need to ask permissions for trading options And if you struggle with any of that just reach out to us in the discord will help you out and then status They'll make that account in a day or two after all this thing is done after you have account ready to go They will send you email then you need to download TWS.Okay, TWS trader workstation Yeah, trader workstation. Okay, then you go here to a workstation. You need to download this So you go to this particular website DW tractor brokers trader workstation for Windows and you just click that it downloads pretty much jobs done So when this downloads everything ready to go you already have your login ID for the past the username and the password Download and the next video will walk you through how to set up the account for that Okay, this is pretty much it if you have any questions, just reach out to us and I'm pretty sure we'll be able to help You out.Okay. I'll see you in the next video I know I want to go into detail about this But there's no way I can go into detail without revealing my information and all sort of stuff So and I do not want another trading account because I trade for my company name So if you have any questions reach out to us in the discord, and I'm pretty sure we'll we'll address those questions But up until then I think you got this. I'll see you in the next video Let's keep it pushing.The next video is how to set up the account and I think you got this. Alright, sweet I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye
ck9ld2rtft25o0h399t0What is going on fam? So in this video, we're going to talk about ORB trend and chop as I discussed in the last Last video that we had about how to take profits in this video We're going to go over ORB opening range breakout. You have this indicator on your charts by now now we need to see how do we actually let this ORB define if we can take a trade today or not if it's going to Be trendy or if it's going to be choppy once you understand this It's going to make a huge differentiator between your trades because why you'll be able to catch the moves which are trendy And we'll be able to leave the moves which are not trendy because at the end of the day when things trend That's when we make money. That's why l t p That's why the p stands for trend because that's how we make money.We want the trend All right. So let me jump on the screen and let's go over this stuff ORB trend and chop So what is ORB opening range breakout? The range of first 15 minutes is the high and low of first 15 minute candle Which has to break to the either side for the stock to have a trend Okay Now to make your life easy You can use an indicator on your charts or be on trading view which will plot the levels for you But by now you already have this indicator If you don't please go back to the module number, I think a couple modules ago and watch how I set up my charts Okay Now before moving forward, let me show you some examples of how to spot the trend and the chop using ORB Okay, sweet beautiful. Let's go over some of the examples now Now when you have the indicator working beautifully, this is what you will roughly see You'll see a green line on the top first 15 minutes.Okay, this is a 15 5 10 15 That means this is the high of that 15 minute candle and this is the low of that 15 minute candle and it will get plotted on your charts now if the only thing here is We don't use this to take a trade. We only use this So only use this to figure out if you're going to be trendy or not Once we break out once we break out things start trending. Okay, look at this It broke out made a beautiful patience candle started trending another patient's candle another patient's candle went higher Okay, once we break out things will start trending.I have so many examples for you here Look at this it broke out. Boom. Boom went from literally in this example It went from 641 to 670 30 dollar move in this example.It went from 670 to 720 That's a 50 dollar move Huh insane, huh? In this example, it tried to break below it tried to break below but got bought back up went back in the train In the range what happened? We stayed choppy the whole day. We stayed Sideways and a lot of people lose a lot of money while we are sideways Our whole goal is not to give back the profits when the things are sideways Why so we can make the most amount of money when the things are trending and lose the least amount of money when we are? Moving sideways make sense. All right.Now next one is again spy What's happening here? You look at this orb it tried to break got bought back up really quick The buyers bought back up started being choppy broke out upside
came back again Now we clearly know now what do we see here? We saw it bought back up bought back up failed failed now straight away. We know okay, man It's a choppy day, you know every time it tries to go towards the upside sellers take over it goes towards the downside buyers Take over that's why it's sitting in the middle of this range And we don't want to trade that range because that's how we lose all the money. Okay, we don't want to lose money Right another example here is it tried to break Couldn't break you can see this sellers came in sellers came in Sold it went down tried to break towards the downside couldn't break went up again Now finally it broke then we had a little patient scandal right here and we made a move another patient scandal right here We made a move you see this this went from 410 all the way to 418 Eight dollar move on spy Okay.Now this is not telling you anything how to trade and everything That's the next next video that we're gonna i'm gonna go over is how to trade this stuff But right now it's only telling you when it's gonna be trendy when it's gonna be choppy if it breaks out of the range It's gonna be trendy if it stays in the range, you're gonna be choppy period Okay, another one here. Look at this try to break couldn't come back Look at this how choppy this is then eventually it broke out it went from 449.5 to 416 How nice the trend went later on in the day? Okay, so our goal What is our goal? Our goal is not to lose all the money when the things are choppy That's why we look at two minute chart the first 30 minutes Then we look at five minute chart for six 60 minutes Then we look at 10 minute charts for pretty much rest of the day Because why two minute charts gonna show you small trend first 30 minutes good enough time to catch the small trend Five minute charts gonna show you the trend what I showed you 10 minute chart gonna show you the clean trend Okay, as we move along it will make too much sense I'll have more videos in mastering module at the end But we need to finish everything so we can actually master if we haven't actually if we don't even know the foundation We can't master at all So the whole goal here there will be a module at the end where we are mastering all these skills together And I will keep adding more and more videos there my whole goal for like for you next six months We're gonna make sure you get the best best of education You get best support and you start making the best amount of money that you potentially can Every single year that you are not learning how to make a million dollars You're losing a million. Our goal is to teach you how to make that much money.It's easy. It's easy I promise you it's easy. You just need to master this.I'm not gonna say everyone can make a million Here's the thing. There are people who are making tens. Why can't you there's so much money in the market? Why can't you just grab at least six figures seven figures moving down the line you have everything I make seven figures a year from trading do I have not? same same everything Everything is the same.You know how i'm able to make it. I follow my system Religiously once I learned how to follow my system religiously things started making sense to me make sense All right. All right.I'll see you in the next video. Keep the momentum going and I love it. I love it.
I just love The burning desire within you I see through the lens here Keep going keep pushing. I'll see you in the next one. All right.Goodbye
ckbur7nj31728sr70drgAlright fam, what is going on? Welcome to another module. Hey, you're doing well. We have done all the modules before this and now you're moving forward and I'm freaking proud of you.Alright, so what are we doing in this one? Alright, let me share my screen and here we go. So, in this module, we're going to talk about the strategies that I use using my favorite indicators, how I pretty much make money using my favorite indicators, my love. This is the stuff that I Now, let's talk about it, shall we? In this module, we're going to talk about how to trade using EMA strategy.Now, EMA is Exponential Moving Average. Okay, how to trade using those EMAs, 8 EMA, 21 EMA. How do we trade? How do we make money, man? That's more important, right? And then we talk about bar by bar analysis example.I literally give you bar by bar. We'll go over a chart, one candle at a time. We'll try to make sense of why and how you should manage your emotions because at the end of the day, you can enter a trade or you will exit too quick if you don't know how to manage your emotions, right? And then, you know what happens? That even leads to bigger emotions.Why? Because, hey, you should have managed your trade well. And the only way to manage your trade well is by managing your emotions. And if you don't know how to do that, you will struggle.You get my point? So, the third point is we'll discuss about VWAP strategy, how to make money using the VWAP strategy. Then there comes the advanced VWAP strategy. This is a little bit more advanced.This is more for the pros. How to become a pro, right? Then we'll talk about king and queen strategy. Hey, there's only one king, always.We'll discuss who's that king and who are the queens that the king has, right? And then we go over the cloud strategy. Now, the cloud strategy is mostly for the afternoon traders. Let's say you have work early morning every single day, so you can't really trade fully early morning, but you can have some time in the the cloud strategies for you.But if you are a trader who have time whole day, go for it. But if the market's a little bit choppy during the morning, so you might come back in the afternoon to trade the cloud strategy, right? So, this is what we're going to do. And it's going to be so much fun.By the way, you like my shirt? It is humanprinter.com. This is his printed money. Cool now. In the back, it says, born to win.Mr. K Capital getting jacked, baby. That's what's happening. That's what's going on.
Anyway, I'll see you in the next one. You're doing good. The next is we're going to talk about the EMA strategy.All right. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.
ckburmnj31728sr70ds0Alright fam, what is going on? Welcome back to another video. You see that? Humanprinter.com man. Humanprinter.com. You get 200k, you win this.I'm gonna ship it to you. Humanprinter.com because you will be a human printer. But this thing, this man will be colored, right? I have ordered it and let's see how it comes.So humanprinter.com and at the back it will say your age. When you hit your, let's say your age. Like for me it says 24 under frequencies.24 and it says born to win. So let's say born to win or your age, whatever number you want or you just can get 24 as well. 24 is my favorite number because it's 24 when I hit my 10 mil.So books. Alright, so let's get to this part. Module recap.Alright, what did we do this whole thing? We talked about EMA strategy. Remember the EMA strategy? We let it like power by power analysis, how to enter and then we did power by power analysis. Then we spoke about VWAP strategy.Like how VWAP works, why the how and why and smart money uses it. And then we spoke about advanced VWAP strategy. Like what are the advanced VWAP strategy and stuff like that.Then we spoke about king and queen strategy. Where the king sits with the different queens. We spoke about the afternoon strategy which is called the cloud strategy.And yeah, hey this module was fun. This module was fun. You had a lot of learning.You had a lot of stuff. It made you scratch your head a lot and like oh my god this is so good. Which was the whole point and I'm glad that you liked it.Now keep going, keep pushing and I will see you in the next module. Please don't binge watch this stuff. Like one video at a time.Now chill, relax. Alright, after this I think you enjoy it. Like go for a walk.Fuck it. Alright, go chill. Alright, I'll see you in the next module whenever you're ready. Don't binge watch. Alright, I'm proud of you. Let's fucking go.
ckbv2o9kbr2l62hvrkpgSo welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're going to talk about how to start trading using EMAs because now we're going to talk about exponential moving average. And once we understand how to trade using EMAs, you know what can happen, you will be able to hold your trades for bigger profits and you will be able to like less emotions and you let them ride and doesn't bother you too much.And it's it's fun. It's it's generally fun. All right.So how to start trading using EMAs. But before we get into EMAs, we need to get into what are EMAs, what is an exponential moving average, right? Because if we don't know that, we're going to struggle. So what is an exponential moving average? An exponential moving average, EMA, is the type of moving average, just a moving average, the line that runs across your chart that simply places a greater rate on the most recent price action.Like it doesn't care about too much about what happened in the past. It cares about what's happening now because what's happening now, that's how you're going to be able to make money. Right.So this exponential moving average is simply the type of moving average that places a greater rate and significance on the most recent price action, the most recent data points. OK, now exponential, it's also called exponential moving average, by the way, an exponential moving average react more significantly to recent price changes than a simple moving average, which pretty much equals the like simple moving average pretty much gives equal weight to if you're doing ain't simple moving average. That means I'm going to give equal rates to all the eight previous candles.But eight EMA places more weight to the last two or three and cares less about the previous five. You get my point? So now EMAs are better suited for trending markets. Like when the market's pushing all the way up or all the way down, you want to know like you want to watch EMAs.Why? Because they're suited for the trending markets because they'll be able to guide you to stay in trade as long as the five minute chart is respecting the eight EMA. You get my point? Or two minute chart is respecting the eight EMA based on the timeframes that we trade, right? Now, what are the two EMAs that I use? I personally love eight and twenty one EMA on a primarily basis on my charts. OK, now let's get to the fun bit, which is EMA bounce strategy checklist.Now, there has to be a trend like you have to have to see a trend in order for this particular strategy to kind of work. If there's no trend, I mean, nah, there's nothing happening. Now, in order for the trend to pretty much pick up, we need to break the pre-market highs and lows.
Otherwise, the trends in our form in May are going to be choppy. So we want the pre-market highs and lows, whatever it is, we need it to break. And then comes the hourly level break.Like we need to see some sort of either can be pre-market high or low break. It can be hourly levels that you have on your charts, which by now you know how to plot. Those levels are breaking, which is why it's so much fun, because why when a big critical level breaks, that's when the momentum kicks in.When the momentum kicks in, the EMA pretty much becomes your best friend. And we'll talk about this and then how we need to enter. We enter the confluence.So we enter the confluence of EMA with another level. Like it could be EMA plus pre-market high or EMA plus patient scandal, right? Some sort of confluence. You don't want to see a patient scandal just setting up in the middle of nowhere.You want to see a patient scandal setting up because there's a reason for it to set up. And what's the stop-loss? Stop-loss is simply on the other side of the patient scandal. That's where the stop-loss goes.What's the profit target? Profit targets either your next intraday level could be the high of the day or your next hourly level, your yellow line that you have on the charts, your next hourly level. You get my point? So there should be a trend. The pre-market highs and lows have to break.Either can be hourly level break. And you need to enter at the confluences of EMA and patient scandal stop-losses. On the other side of the patient scandal, profit targets your either high of the day or next 60 minute chart that you have.All right. Now let's look at some of the charts, shall we? Now what happened here? Let's go one, just look at this. Don't try to look at the whole thing.Look at this. What happened? Pre-market high break, right? Pre-market high break. Now the patient scandal will be waiting.This is not a patient scandal. All right. Now we see a little bit of patient scandal on the EMA. Sweet. So we can enter the break of this. Boom.Price ran. Pulls back again. Another patient scandal. Boom. Price ran. Here.Where is the patient scandal setting up? Here. Price ran. Another patient scandal. Boom. Price ran. Here.Another little one. Boom. Price ran.
Another one. Bang. You see what I'm saying? So where did this didn't work? It worked right at the end.Like you formed a patient scandal on the EMA, broke, but hit your stop-loss, but you caught the whole move whole pretty much day, right? Now, of course, like there's multiple ways to kind of go about taking profits. You can take profits and then add more and take profits, add more, take profits, add more. But we're going to discuss all that as the KCU goes along.There will be other, you know, ongoing education on that particular portal. There will be trainings as well, where we're going to discuss how to keep, like, let the runners run, right? But letting your runners run is how you're able to catch the whole move. Why? Because you simply go, as long as it's holding ATMA, I'm in the trade.That's it. So you enter here. The second one, it clearly is respecting the ATMA.You go, you know what? I will hold this trade as long as it holds the ATMA. If a hole, like, breaks below, I'll sell. Or I need a reason to sell, maybe a, you know, fail of some patient scandal to sell.But you get the point, right? How to enter into trades is what we're working on right now, right? Another example. So we have here the pre-market high was roughly around here. Anyway, boom, patient scandal, kind of a patient scandal, not really, but kind of made a move, right? Anyway, we'll get back to this particular chart in a minute as we move along in the king and queen strategy.So don't worry about this for now. We got another patient scandal, beautiful candle right here, entry right here, caught a big move. Get my point? Another patient scandal right here, boom, caught a move.Now this way of entering is called EMA and patient scandal combined. Get my point now? Does it make sense? All right. The next one, next one is right here, a big move.Yeah. Whatever the WIC, like this stuff shouldn't bother you. Like the, oh my God, this is a WIC. It broke the pre-market high. Everything looks good. Stop micro, man.Like, oh, perfect doesn't exist in the market, man. You can't be like looking for perfect stuff all the time in the stock market. Perfect doesn't exist.You know, like 90 degree angles don't exist in nature. Same goes, perfect don't exist in the stock market. All right.So here, patient scandal, boom, made a move. Patient scandal right here, stop-loss below this particular thing, patient scandal, never hit the stop-loss, made a bloody big move. Another one, patient scandal right here, entry, stop-loss below this, boom, big move.Patient scandal, boom, oh, hits the stop-loss. Sweet. You caught the whole move.
You get my point? Now, now the question is, when should you use ATMA for a bounce? I personally use this ATMA for a bounce around here. Like this is when I like using ATMA for a bounce, when the stock is so freaking soaring, like straight up, this is my piece of cake. This is when I love ATMAs.Now the question is, when do I use 21 EMA for a bounce? I do not. Like, huh, what, what, what happened here? So what happened here is when a trend is a little bit slow, the option premiums die quicker than the stock moves up. So I don't really use 21 EMA for a bounce.The reason why I have this on my charts is because of king and queen strategy. We'll discuss that. Okay.That's why I have this on the chart because the king and queen strategy, and that's pretty much it. Otherwise I don't use 21 EMA for a bounce. I only use it for king and queen strategy, which comes as we go along.All right. Now some final words on EMA. All right.Final words on EMA strategy is make sure there is a trend. Okay. Make sure there's a trend.Otherwise this ain't going to make sense. It will not work. Next one is don't forget to do bar by bar analysis of the day on names that are trending.Like we, in the next video, we'll talk about how to do bar and bar, like bar by bar analysis. Make sure you do that before you enter into a trade. Make sure you watch every single candle setting up nicely, and that will keep your emotions in check.All right. Which is the third point. Keep emotions in check.Profit target will be the next hourly levels. So stop trying to micromanage. Oh, let me take this off.Let me take. No, no, no. This is how we trade.We trade with the system and our system is hourly levels plus patient candles, plus all these EMAs, VWAPs and all sorts of stuff. Okay. Now, no strategy, my friend, no strategy ever, ever, ever is going to be a hundred percent.So be prepared to stop loss if it doesn't bounce. Otherwise what's the point, man? At the end of the day, like you enter a trade and you're like, oh, you're going to go, you're going to go a hundred percent. You're going probably a hundred percent.There's no such thing, a hundred percent, like in everything, you know. So be prepared to stop loss. Know your stop loss.Like our patient's candle pretty much takes the guesswork out of everything. We know this is
where we're entering. This is where the stop loss is.Sweet. You know what's happening? Guesswork. All the guesswork that we do is out of the picture.We don't need to do guesswork. Why? Because the patient's candle is there for us. Make sense? So don't micromanage the EM.Don't micromanage. Let the patient's candle do its job. Right.Doesn't make sense. Now, of course, like you'd be like, oh, but there's not enough examples. Oh man, I would love to see a real time breakdown of trades.Yes, we do that. So in the other portal where I break down my trades, you have another ongoing education for KKW University. There I break down my trades every single day.So you will see all this stuff. While I do this in the real time, like videos there. So where you can go and watch those videos as well.I'm literally breaking down. This is where I entered. This is why I entered.This is where I exited. Why did I exit? Why did I enter? What were the emotions? So you can learn even faster pace. Right.Or I can simply go and show you the charts. Look, look, look, look, look. Nice.Like at the end of the day, man, you're going to learn with the real time stuff more than me going over this, you know, best example. So what we're doing here in these videos is we are breaking down the concepts. But for you to learn this stuff even further, you're going to go and watch those videos where I'm entering in the real time.And they're going to be just like, you're going to be perfect and you learn faster and you will grow faster as a trader. All right. Sweet.So next video, we're going to break down bar by bar analysis example. It's going to be so much fun. All right.Peace.
ckbv2rhkbr2l62hvrkq0Alright fam, what is going on? So welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're going to talk about the advanced strategies of the VWAP. Okay, what is the advanced strategies of VWAP? What does it actually mean? So advanced... I dropped my ring.That's okay. It's okay. My cat, I think she got scared.She was there. I don't know if you saw her running. Go back.Maybe, maybe you saw her sitting there and like, drop my ring. Anyway, so advanced strategies of VWAP simply is like, they're called advanced strategies because they're a little bit harder to trade. They're mostly for the pros, but you can trade using them.Yes, but they're a little bit tough again. Alright, now let's get to it. Let me share my screen.Alright, so advanced strategies of VWAP are like for them, this is a checklist that I have, right? Now take a screenshot, go for it. Now you need to wait at least 10 to 15 minutes after the market opened for the advanced strategy to come into place, right? The candle should come from below the VWAP and form our lovely candle that we want the patient's candle, right? So if the VWAP is let's say here, right? This is the VWAP stock comes from below and it formulates a patient's candle. This is what we want, right? Now if the candle formed a type of patient's candle and closed above the VWAP, we take a play like it closed right above the VWAP, we take a play, right? We take the play in the next particular candle as patient's candle, right? Now stop- loss is below the patient's candle or you can do below the VWAP or you can do the below the patient's candle.If the patient's candle setup is really, really massive, then it doesn't make sense for us to kind of have such a wide stop-loss. Then what do we do? Then we just set a stop-loss below the VWAP, right? Profit targets are intraday levels or the open price, the print. Remember the one we put on the charts, open price print.It's either that as a stop-loss or our intraday levels becomes the profit target, right? Now this is an advanced skill and you need to manage the trade yourself because it's a little bit tough to kind of manage a trade with it and I'll show you some examples. Again, this is a little bit tough but it's very profitable, okay? So let's look at this stuff. Advanced strategies of VWAP.I will show you the charts as it's mostly a visual concept. It's very hard to kind of break it down into theoretical parts. So let's look at the charts, some of the charts that will kind of go home from this, okay? Now what happened here? Did it form a patient's candle? No.Do we enter trade now? But right here, went below the VWAP, formed a patient's candle right here, right? Made a decent VWAP. Look at this. Formed a patient's candle right here, right? Right here, never gave us entry, another patient's candle.
But patient, it should close above the VWAP. Closed above the VWAP, right here, boom. Made a decent push.Now here, did it formulate a patient's candle? Not really. It's not like a patient's candle. Patient's candles are like this or like this with a little wick on the bottom, the buyers coming in.Not really, so it's not a patient's candle. So yeah, but you got the point. Does it make sense? Like what basically happened is it formulated something like this right above the VWAP, right? Closed above the VWAP.Now there's three different types of this, right? One is, this is a VWAP. It closes below the VWAP, like particularly this. This is not the trade, okay? Second one is where it closes above the VWAP.This one is good. Third one is it closes on the VWAP, like don't be like that person who's like, let me zoom in, let me zoom in. Really, really, really, really, really, really zoom in.No, that's not what we do, man, right? You can't do that. You get my point? We don't have to zoom all the way in just to see, oh, it closed once and above. If you can't visually see it, it doesn't make sense.So the only way to trade this is we look for these and that's what was happening right here. That's what was happening right here and this, no. Get the point? Make sense? So let's look at the next example.Look at this. It formulated this particular candle, but is it a patient's candle? I wouldn't say so, no. So what do we do? No, don't worry about it.Here, went below the VWAP, formulated, but never gave us entry. Sweet, no problem. But right here, kind of formulated the patient's candle.Not really, but almost did, but not really. But now here's the thing. This advanced strategies of VWAP only works for upside.It can work for the downside and we call it reverse VWAP, where we trade that. It can work for the downside, but it's a little bit risky, man. That's why I don't even watch it myself.It only works for the upside. Now, you might be like, why does it work for the upside though? So the psychology behind this is simply that most of the retail traders who trade stocks, they are very long biased. Have you ever heard of people crying about, oh, crypto is falling.Why don't you go short and make the money if it's falling? No, because people don't even know that you can make money while going short. So they're very, very long biased. They just want to buy towards the upside.They don't want to short. Because for shorting, you need margin account, this, that, a lot of trouble. So they're very long biased.
And there's one rule with every stock trader that I know, anything above the VWAP, they are bullish. Anything below the VWAP, they're bearish. So when the price gets below the VWAP, they're like, oh my God, it's below the VWAP.Now, man, we can't trade. But when the price, five minute candle closes above the VWAP, that kind of gives them hope. Oh, thank God.So they get bullish. And when they get bullish, and they formulate a patience candle for us. And that's why we participate towards the upside.Does it make sense? The psychological, why? Because when everybody starts buying, all these people start buying because they are now bullish. What happens? Stocks bounce. And we only trade.We trade. Hey, at the end of the day, other people have to lose money for us to make money. And we only trade.When everybody's jumping in, we jump in. Well, let's see if we can make money and we sell. Make sense? Now, look into the next example.Right here. It closed right at the VWAP. Like, look at this.It came below, from below, it closed right at the VWAP. Now it's like, nah, no longer valid. Well, don't worry about it.It's closed right on the VWAP. We can't trade on the VWAP. This trade is like, done. Now, moving forward. Right here. Did it formulate a patience candle for you? No. Did we enter a trade? No. It's okay. At the end of the day, look at this.It's like, I don't trade anything after 3 p.m., so there's no point. I don't. Like, the reason why I don't trade after 3 p.m. is the smart money.This is like, smart money hour. And I'm not smart enough to literally forecast the people who've been trading whole of their life. Like, they've been trading for 40 years.And I'm only trading 5 years. So, I don't even try to compete with them. Like, I'm like, you do you, bro.I had enough time to fucking make money. You do you. That's why I don't trade last hour.Right? Now, did we enter a trade anywhere? No. And that's why I have these charts on. So, it actually makes sense for you.Why do we enter and why do we exit and all sort of jazz? Does it make sense? This is like, the reason why I have these charts where things don't work or things we don't take trade is so,
actually, the expectations that it doesn't always work. It doesn't always give us an entry, but it still can push in that direction. But that's okay.We are systematic traders. We are not emotion-based traders. We are data-driven traders. All right? Next one is right here. Look at this. Patient scandal right here.From below the VIVA, patient scandal. Made a move. Whatever.Next one. Did it give us a patient scandal? It gave us a patient scandal here. This is not really a patient scandal.So, we don't even count this. Like, yeah, whatever. All right.Sweet. But this is a patient scandal right here. Look at this move down.Look at this. Oh, my God. More I watch this stuff, more I'm in love with patient scandals, man. Not going to lie. Another one. Is this a patient scandal? Not really.Do we take this trade? No. Like, you might be like, bro, you have so many examples of the stuff that doesn't work. Why don't you add enough examples of the stuff that works? Because I want to clear up the That's pretty much it.Look at this. Give us a patient scandal. Right. Kind of. Maybe you can say here. It didn't work.Stop, pause, whatever. But it gave you a patient scandal again one more time here. Look at this. Let me zoom in. Look at this. Came from below.Gave you a patient scandal. Bang. Straight up.Right? And then one more time. Nah, it didn't give us a patient scandal. So, what happened? Kind of never gave us an entry point, but still went.It is what it is. You get my point? Another one. Bang. Right here. Look at this. Beautiful patient scandal.Nice move. Can you consider this a patient scandal? I wouldn't, but yeah, whatever. So, you get, are you, hey, you grasping the point, the point that I'm trying to make here? Does it make sense? Yeah.Like, this is a patient scandal? No. Do we enter a trade? No. Hey, look at this. Nothing. Nowhere. Here, it closed above.
Boom. Make sense? So, wait. Look at this.Give us a patient scandal. Yes, it did give us a patient scandal, but stop-loss got hit. No problem. Going to the next trade. Being fresh. Boom.Patient scandal right here, and it made a big move. Like, look at this. This move is big, man. Like, this move went from $845 to $875. That's a $30 move. That's pretty freaking decent.Yeah? So, you only need to catch one move like this every now and then, and you make decent money. Look at this. Closed above.Gave you a patient scandal. Bang. Big move.Right here. Gave you a patient scandal. Decent move.Right? But, for this particular thing to kind of work, it works beautiful when one red candle is able to close below it. The next candle closes above and gives you a patient scandal like this one. This one, I'll absolutely love this.Right? Another example is right here. Boom. Big patient scandal, but you can wait for the little one and catch a big move.Again, again, again. Dun, dun, dun. Beautiful.Right? Does it make sense? Now, I understand. Now, at the end of the day, I'm sitting on this side of the stuff. I already told you this is a hard strategy.This is a tough strategy, and for you to even understand more about this strategy, it'll have to come through the live trades that I take, and I'm breaking down my trades. That will make more sense, rather than you just trying to, you know, be like, oh my god, this, I don't understand this. No.Hey, go to the ongoing session where I break down my trades, and that will make more sense because it just will. All right? Great. You're doing good.You're doing good. In the next video, we're going to talk about king and queen strategy, and it's my favorite strategy, and it's just, it's just beautiful. High five.Sweet. Take care of yourself, and I'll see you in the next one.
ckbv3m7j31728sr70dugAlright fam, what is going on? So welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're gonna discuss. What is VWAP? All right, VWAP strategy.What is VWAP? How to trade using VWAP? How smart money uses VWAP? What is VWAP in general? Alright, so let's get to it. Shall we? Alright, so what is VWAP? VWAP simply is volume weighted average price. Alright, so based on volume at that given time when you put more weight on volume at that particular given time What should be the average price of that stock is what VWAP pretty much tells us.Okay. Now another thing is what is VWAP? So give me one second and Alright, let's get to it. So VWAP simply, um, you know, let's let's talk about how smart money uses VWAP So let's say this is a chart right here.Give me one second. This is a chart right here Right and this particular stock is trending upwards Now if you trade for some smart money smart firm and the VWAP line the VWAP line at that given time is say Running across maybe somewhere here. So right Somewhere here and if you buy you buy right here somewhere at the top, you know, what happens what happens? You are paying more.This should be the average price. This should be the average price, but you are paying more than the average You probably gonna get fired Right, so now where can you buy so you can buy somewhere on the average price where you can justify why you bought right? So now what happens? so what basically happens when we're kind of going through this is think about it as a We need to wait for the prices to come down right and in this one particular. All right red color All right, so they can only buy when the prices are coming down So let's say the price is coming down here now because they're doing very very big position size They can't just get filled whenever they want right like they Big smart money is probably buying like 10,000 20,000 50,000 100,000 shares at a given time and there's not one big firm There's like hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of big orders spending because they want to get filled because the price is approaching the average price So now what do they have on the charts on their charts? They have this thing running across that's sitting on the VWAP a little band and we're like, oh, what do you mean? I don't get confused.Take it easy. I'll go with this So there's a little VWAP band. So VWAP it's not a line.It's like a zone Why is it a zone because so they can all get filled and it makes sense kind of for them All right, does it make sense now the prices approaches moves a little bit more lower My prices approach move a little bit more lower. They kind of make a little patience candle right here Boom now, where do we enter we enter right here now? Where is everybody like it didn't actually touch if you look at this it didn't actually touch the VWAP line But it almost did it got in the zone in that little band. So where do we enter? We can enter right here stop loss is right
here.All right, so shall we see what happens and the prices just go All right, boom Boom boom boom and one more time and one more time and one more time make sense Does it make sense how why does actually VWAP works because the smart money buys it on the average price? All right, sweet So let's get to the fun bits. What is my criteria to trade using VWAP? So now there's only four points that you need to pay attention to All right First is it only works after 10 a.m eastern time now You might be like why 10 a.m Like half an hour after the market opened because it takes about 30 minutes for us to tell if the stock gonna be trendy Or not like we do not have a crystal ball Unfortunately, right so we gotta wait for the market to tell us that oh this name is trendy Let's pay more attention to this right? So now how can we do that? We let the market decide let the market kind of pick up the trend let the pre-market high and low Whatever want to break let it break Right and then we still wait if the trend is strong enough for it to hold and then after 10 o'clock is when we can Take a train. All right.Second point is should be trendy like Everything everything is trend at the end of the day If the trend is not there You won't be able to take the trade or even if you did take the trade It won't be strong enough for you to get paid and then you there's a regret and then there is like this Guilt of you taking low quality trades then you take revenge trading And goes on and on and on. All right So how about we could do the just the root cause um and be like, oh shit, it should be trendy All right Now what next there should be highest probability play like and the highest probability only is when there's a confluence if there's no confluence Man, it's never gonna be high probability. It makes sense So we gotta wait for confluence now if you forgot what confluence is confluence is simply when more than one quicker level It's sitting at the same price point So it could be ema plus the viva plus the hourly level or plus whatever whatever whatever more the confluence it is The higher probability of the play for it to work now But why now the why why it's because why let's say this is a you know 60 minute level and then this is a viva.This is a confluence now people who trade 60 minute level This is a viva people who trade 60 minute levels. They are jumping in the play as well So they are buying and people who trade viva bounces They are buying right at this point. They're buying and people who trade the confluence like you and me they are buying So guess what when a lot of people are buying the stock really bounces all of a sudden Everybody wants to buy toilet paper in 2022 in 2020.What happened freaking thing went to the roof, bro Like that's what's pretty much happening here. All right, so we need to understand this in quite a lot of detail All right So more the confluence more probability of it work Right make sense now when two or more critical levels are sitting at the same price point it becomes a strong level for bounces Or rejects, right that's confluence. All right, so we got it.That's a criteria now Let's talk about the little checklist that I have. All right, the checklist says first things first again It needs a fucking trend. There should be a trend pardon my french, but it
needs a Trend, okay Now once upside trend is established once we know that there's a beautiful upside trend revamp becomes a strong support okay, why because The buyers want to buy around the revamp, right boom Now once a downtrend is established The revamp becomes a strong resistance Right now enter puts using the patient scandal when the prices come to retest revamp for a bounce Enter calls using patient scandal when the prices come to retest revamp for a bounce, right? Quite simple where's the stop loss stop loss is on the other side of the patient scandals It's pretty simple right and use intraday support and resistance to take profit Okay Now your most recent previous intraday low like think about this What I want you to kind of do is these three points in the green Uh, take a screenshot of this right now take a screenshot of this screen right now and i'll pause all right, um, so These three points you need to scarp to the half of the most recent peak on the chart You might be like what what does that mean? So if the recent peak is here, right and it's pulling back to the revamp, there's a revamp There's a recent peak just like roughly don't have to go like with like measuring still like oh no No, roughly half take a little bit off a little bit profits roughly half a little bit of profits off Why so we like set the stop loss break even so we can take a little bit of profits because these trades work that work wonders But sometimes it can just reverse as well All right, so we need to take a little bit off because we spotted the trade we're gonna pay ourselves All right scarp to the most recent peak Like half of the most recent peak most recent previous intraday low for birds most recent intraday Previous intraday for calls.All right, just like most recent one could be like this as well. Just the most recent one This is where we care about just the most recent one Like if you look at look at this Almost half of this bigger move almost half of this bigger move like quick scarps. All right, sweet Okay, show you some examples what do you say? All right, sweet.Shall we go for it? All right, let's go So here we are boom boom boom. Look at these patient bro. These patients candles are fucking sexy.Look at this Patience candle. Thanks. Thanks Damn, damn Patience candle right here never gave us an entry can't give us an entry hit the stop loss no problem another now We've up is there as I said the little band The weave up is there half of the most recent like look at this most recent low The most recent low half of this most recent low we can take a trade half of this most recent low we can take a Trade doesn't make sense half boom take some profits and look at this patient scandal, baby.God damn. Let's go I half of this beautiful kind of next time I went there, you know Kind of gave us a little weird type patient scandal, but yeah, you get the point, right? Another one beautiful. Look at this 15 cents above the actual thing Gave us a patient scandal bank like went went up right another patient's candle went up She's another patient's candle kind of roughly here, but the stoppers go ahead No problem, like but we still print money when we print make sense.This white line is a weave up Hey, another one bank. Look at this patient's candle setup right here. Thanks pitching a little setup right here Thanks.
So the next patient's candle kind of setup is right here the weave up what happened? Like half almost half of this move sweet be taking profits. Yeah, I think Right doesn't make hey, does it make sense just nod your head. All right, sweet now Next one look at this.Let me actually this this is something that's important. Let me zoom in for a minute All right, sweet. Let's look at this for a minute because this looks like a small move, but this actually is not a small I promise you this.Um, all right. So what's happening here? So we have one touch here. What's happening one second third Fourth one will be the confluence right and this is exact.Why didn't we you want me like why didn't we enter here? Because the patient's candle pretty much this is a patient's candle setup and the viva pom break went this move looks small man I promise you this move looks small it went from 184 to all the way to 186 in matter of minutes And then it went to all the way to 190 before and had an expo back and then they made a little patient scandal here Then made another big move up. I know what you're thinking. God.Damn. Why didn't I know this before? It's all right It's okay. You're in the right hands in the good hands.I promise. All right. Now what next? Big move boom view up.What's happening patient's candle. Wait fucking gucci, man Fucking gucci. Hey next one made a move.Whatever this patient's candle here Whatever whatever whatever give you a patient's candle right at the view up and see this bang big move up baby big move up Make sense. This is what we want half of this big move. Sweet.I'm taking profits now this you know, like yeah, bro Whatever whatever man. Let me tell you this move is not a small move. Look at this.It went from 41 10 41 10 to all the way to 41 25. That's a 15 dollar move All right on spx that pays Another one right here. Did it give us a patient's candle anywhere? No, do we enter? No, can we enter here? Maybe cut off a patient's candle.Yeah, but it's risky. But yeah, sweet it worked next one slowly approaching Slowly like very slowly slowly slowly slowly moving up. Did it give us any patient's candle right here? Um, not really, but uh, yeah, you know, i'll take i'll take a risk maybe after this candle right here But yeah, it worked.Hey, but do we just enter? No, we enter based on patient's candle patient's candles away to go Hey, so final thoughts on viva about strategy Make sure there's a trend before you look for either move for the upside or downside without trend This strategy would not work like period it only works after 10 a.m. Don't try to make it work before that Please do not okay. It works
after 10 the wheel the wheels already been made man There's no point reinventing the wheel. So take it easy.All right, like this is the screenshot that you take now take screenshot Come on, let's go. I'm posing for the screenshot. Come on.All right, so So on a stock trading between 80 dollars to 100 dollars up by 10 to 20 cents above the viva blind You remember the band that I told you that there's a little band above the viva plan so 10 to 20 cents above the viva plan is pretty much where the band it's pretty much is if the stock is trading from 80 to 100 10 to 20 cents above the viva plan is still good on a stock trading between 100 to 300 Apply 20 to 30 cents above the viva plane honest talk trading between 300 to 500 Apply 30 to 50 cents above the view applying on a stock trading between 500 on a stock trading between 500 2000 apply 50 to a dollar above the rewrap line. Now do I apply above this? No, I still wait for the patient scandals but this is how I pretty much do it right now. I really really hope the rewrap made sense.Now of course this might be like oh my god this might be yeah this is confusing whatever it's okay it's okay you're doing very good I promise you you're doing very good. Now if this is still confusing and you're like oh my god bro I don't understand this no problem not a problem there will be more stuff in the there is more stuff actually there is more stuff in the other ongoing series as we are doing where I'm breaking down my trades those will make sense as I said in the previous video as well those will make sense and those will be adding to the information and the pool of knowledge as well. The reason why I don't have thousands and thousands of videos right in this module or in these modules because I want to stick to the right to the point so you can grab the information and then we can build on the information as we go along for next months or so whatever right so that's the main whole focus that we have and we work hey we're working we're making moves I'm proud of you keep pushing keep going I know this shit's not easy but hey you're doing it you my friend you're killing it all right I'll see you in the next one goodbye
ckbv11nfm97hqvagqb3gAll right fam, what is going on welcome back to another video, baby All right. So in this video what we're gonna do love is We're gonna go over bar by bar analysis one candle at a time on this stock that I picked for you and I have the emotions like I have a guy on the side who's like, um kind of depicting the emotions of You doing this this stuff in the real time and you're like bro. I'm so confused All right.Let me share the screen and it will make sense. So you see this dude right here on the side Oh now you see it right now. You see it.So Boom in every single video. He has this thing on the top where he's confused. So don't worry I'll just be on top of this.So he i'm in his thoughts right now Anyway, this is going to this by the way. I didn't do it. Anyway, fam, so let's get to it So what's happening on this particular chart? We're gonna do a bar by bar analysis This is a pre-market high.This is a pre-market low and you're like you might be like bro, but this week No, these weeks eight eight o'clock weeks eight thirty weeks. These weeks don't count as a pre-market high or low This is just like one transaction that got filled here. That's pretty much it So we don't count this we count the actual pre-market low and actual pre-market high.Okay So can we trade using emas? These are the emas the green one is eight Red one is 21. Can we trade using emas right here? No, why not because it hasn't broken the pre-market I remember remember what I said ensure a trend is established and how a trend is going to be established We discuss this the trend is going to be established if we actually break the pre- market high Not otherwise, right? So now we're gonna wait for the pre-market high to fail and boom pre-market high broke towards the upside Now, can we enter? No, why not? We need to wait we need to wait for our entry Otherwise, what's the point like why enter in the middle of nowhere expecting and praying to god, please god Please i'll be a nice person. Please.Please. Please. No, it doesn't work in trading man, right? So it broke the pre-market high sweet.The volume is there, right? The volume is more than the previous volumes sweet. Oh shit. It even made a bigger move.Damn I missed the whole thing. You might be like I missed the whole thing. No, you didn't miss nothing Ask me why you didn't miss anything because that's not your strategy.We are waiting for patient scandal Now this could have been a patient scandal right here. You see this little candle It could have been a beautiful entry for you to catch the move But i'm showing you the ema stuff and we'll stick to that for a minute Okay, otherwise look at this beautiful patient scandal beautiful move another beautiful candle beautiful move by this one
We're gonna talk about emas. All right eight and twenty one.All right, sweet So now stock's pulling back. It's pulling back a little bit and can you enter? No, why not because we are waiting for a patient's candle You know what patient's candle is a candle like a little candle like this some something that is becoming small candle a patient's Proprietary candle, right? That's how proprietary stuff can see. All right, so can we enter? No So what should we do? We should freaking wait for the patient's candle now Let's look at okay.You see the expression change of this guy. Oh, he's like, all right So in this what happened can we enter? No, why not because we're still waiting for our patient's candle now by the time this particular candle closed what happened? It formulated a little patient's candle. Look at this, right? Let me zoom in if you want zoom Boom, look at this.You see that it formulated a beautiful patient's candle on the ema on the pre-market high There's a confluence of multiple different now What's confluence confluence is multiple different levels of sitting at the same price point. That's confluence, right? so what's happening here the confluence of pre-market high confluence of Atma and patient's candle. So where can we enter? We simple very very simple man So we can enter at the break of this particular highs right here and stop loss is below this Yes, should we zoom in one more time? Yes break up this particular thing stop loss below this we can enter right? Boom do we enter? Yes, where did we enter bang? Here we go.Ha now where's the stop loss stop loss is below this, right? So your stop loss is let's say 115.8 or 115 Point seven five is your stop loss because it's a little bit below that 115.7 You can say argument for argument's sake right now That's your stop loss haven't hit your profit target still your stop loss sitting there shouldn't bother you nothing and he's still happy It makes a pullback look at him being angry now Why didn't I take profits I should have taken profits No, hey, you know your stop loss your initial profit targets this and then you let your runners run, right? Now it pulls back even more. He's even more angry. God damn should have taken profits.Your stop loss is here. Why? Micromanage this he's fully angry about to exit like oh my god. What if this level didn't hold? No, your stop loss is there now by the time this candle closed it looked like this So this candle right here looked like this red but buyers kicked in now when the buyers kick in what happens? It formulated another patient scandal.Now. Can we add more to this trade with this particular thing? Yes stop loss where it is pre- market just below pre-market high boom Broke made a big move, right? And it formulated this little trend line on the top or a flag or something and he's happy now. Oh my god Lucky I didn't sell so pull back again.He's like, oh my god. I don't know. What should I do, man? Right, what happened looks like another patient scandal setting up after a break, right? but it made a little bit lower move and it looks like Perfect trade patient scandal on the trend line on the atma and we have a beautiful patient scandal Can we add more if it breaks here? I think so I think so why because our initial
entry was here then we added right here And now we can add even more because it looks like it's respecting atma.You want to see what happened? Bomb, this is what we are talking about. Just a minute ago. Look at this held patient scandal again made a big move I can hit your profit target right here You took across some profits another patient scandal right here made a big move It's a patient scandal another patient right before the level break made a big move another patient scandal Made a big move another patient scandal made a big move and eventually Hit your stop loss and you exit the whole position now, you might be like hit your stop loss, right? But here's the thing here you taking profits here and making freaking 30 dollars I'd rather get my stop loss hit and still be up 400 think about that you making 30 bucks here because you took profits or your stop loss being hit this way And you're taking 400 off why because you caught a big move, which one would you do? I'd rather do this every single day of the year man Why because 400 bucks even though your stop loss got hit you still got paid heavy.Does it make sense? Yeah, all right sweet now This is what I wanted to do with you one candle at a time and I wanted to see your emotions, right? Why because Managing your emotions when you like there's only so much we can learn about the charts There's only so much we can learn about the candles patients candles levels There comes a point where it's all about psychology your mindset your way to actually enter trades your way to manage trades your way To execute your trades and after that point it's pretty much just mindset man Which we're going to work on in our moving forward like in the ongoing calls and all sort of stuff What we're gonna literally make sure that you Become the goddamn motherfucker that you want to become so you can print my fucking money and become the human printer All right, everybody who makes hundred thousand dollars i'm sending this shirt to them humanprinter.com So will you be the next to get this shirt is my question?
ckbv161kbr2l62hvrkp0All right, what is going on lord? Hope you are having the best freaking day of your entire life So in this video, we're going to break down the cloud strategy. What is the cloud strategy? You may ask so cloud strategy simply is it works after 1 p.m Okay works after 1 p.m. But why after 1p.m. You may ask right? So what is the cloud strategy? Remember the clouds that we put on our charts the um ripster ripster clouds, but what are they? So they work after 1 p.m. Why around that time is when most of the algorithms start trading algorithms the You know the robots trading pretty much and around that time is when most of the algorithms start trading in the market So it can be very predictable what they do how they program it. So our goal is to try to pick this up Okay, we'll try to trade this in a better way.All right, that's simply what we're doing here The cloud strategy checklist is So it needs a morning trend the trend should be strong enough In the morning for the cloud strategy to kind of work. We'll talk about this in detail as well All right, approximately at 1 p.m Eastern time moves like the stock moves back to the cloud for a bounce the clouds the um, The cloud that we did the settings on now algos come on at 12 55 p.m eastern time That's when algorithm starts, you know, pretty much getting active. Now.What's the stop loss stop loss again? Is on the other side of the patient scandals profit target is your intraday support and resistance and these are quick scalps These are afternoon trade and they are very very quick scalps and I have some students who only trade these Like think about them like think about that. They have busy morning schedules. They only trade this they don't even trade anything else man This stuff's good, right? So just look at the time everywhere on every single thing.I've mentioned the time. So this is 1 30 after after um One o'clock and these examples came from my journals. Look at this.This is the clouds, right? What happened prices came down to the cloud formulated this beautiful patient scandal right at the cloud See this beautiful patient scandal right on the top of the cloud. Give us the entry Stop loss hasn't been hit another entry. These are quick scalps Does it make sense? But you have to have a trend on the day like some sort of friend on the day another one Like why would we not take this trade because it's before one we don't trade anything before one Strong move.Let's say you got this move as well. You got this as well. Whatever, right? We only trade are talking about this.Um cloud strategy here is boom After one o'clock, this is where one o'clock starts goes back to the clouds gives us a patient scandal Bank dumps these are quick quick like for 10 15 minute trades quick and after three o'clock I don't I don't care like I only trade this from one o'clock to three o'clock three to four I never trade. Okay, you'll never see me trade then another one a
beautiful trend in the morning afternoon when the when everything gets slow This is when it kind of works boom gives made a patient scandal. Give us a quick move done Look at this beautiful make sense at the cloud.This is one 1 p.m. Eastern time bank, right? Another one do this the trend is there clearly going to the cloud. Give us a patient scandal bank Give us another one boom. Does it make sense? Yeah, sweet now another one right here beautiful Trend in the morning after one o'clock right here to one o'clock.We're still waiting for the patient scandal Was it a patient scandal right here? No, this is a patient scandal. Yes gives us entry quick trade in the now Yeah, this one maybe would have resulted in a loss, but you get the point this stuff works All right, so this beautiful trend in the morning comes back formulates this patient scandal boom makes a nice move and you print Make sense. Yeah, this stuff this stuff's fun.And the reason why I actually took this right here Sometimes you'll see this work very nicely after three o'clock three o'clock to four o'clock. I never trade this fan I just don't trade this the reason why I don't trade this is um, three of three to four is not my time I don't I don't do this stuff. That's when the style.Um, that's when the smart money trades Like I only trade the whole day if i'm trading only trade till three i'll walk away literally, you know freedom So look at this beautiful patient scandal made a big move Look at this you could have caught the move by just setting a stop-loss below the atmi big move, right? But anyway here it works beautiful, right? Now is this trend strong enough? This is why I think this is an example. Is this trend strong enough? Like this is all job between the orbs or job then it eventually and finally breaks But this kills the trend again, like look at this chop off only two candles for 10 minutes It trends from whole day. Is it strong enough? Yeah, of course it worked but that's not the point here My point to you is the trend like this is a trend this my friend is a trend But is this a trend this is chop? So what do we do? We chill look at this one again beautiful move Now, what do we do goes back after one o'clock goes back to this thing right here makes a patient scandal dumps Another one dumps another one dumps make sense again Now the trend started not just 10 minutes it went on look at this atmi patient scandal.Oh my god, so good stop Just stop Look at this make um after one o'clock after one o'clock when it goes to the clouds It made a patient scandal. It may give us a move right again. The trend is there sweet This is where the one o'clock hits bump went it gave us a patience like let me zoom in So you see this a little bit more clearer do this it goes there gives us a patient scandal right here But where would be the entry so entry is below this particular price point right entries below this Only time we entered is right here and the move works.So it's beautiful, isn't it? And I this is my favorite strategy. It just happens to be i'm in a Fucking shit time zone and i'm most like I get too tired. I'm mostly sleeping around that time sometimes like no mostly But sometimes i'm sleeping but it works It's just so good and now you might be
like but how did you discover this strategy if you sleep at that time? No, because um when I was starting out like when I started trading Because the market opened for me at 11 30 at night with daylight saving times Sometimes 12 30 for a few weeks and 1 30 at night for a few weeks for a few months Um, I think six months it stays here then five months it stays here then Four weeks kind of stays at 12 30 Anyway, I used to have I used to have a walk and i'll finish work.I used to pick up shifts from 6 p.m To like 2 a.m or 3 a.m Because you know when you're a student as international student when I how I came Any work that I could get was like I never said no to because I was hustler And of course that kind of overlaps my trading hours, right? It overlaps my trading hours So I'll come home literally three o'clock three for four a.m. I'm too tired, but that's perfect time around That's when I used to come home around after one eastern time And I literally start trading and I over time discovered them like oh my god Like somebody uh, I watch a youtube video and he's breaking down some rips through clouds and I put them on my charts I didn't know how to trade them the guy broke down but his breakdown was shit. Um, but um around one o'clock every day I'll see this like this is interesting then I you know Just like went back in the charts and I took photos of like hundreds of charts. I'm like this shit's good This is this is so beautiful and that became my strategy for that time and guess what? I mastered this strategy.You know what happened? My work time changed now. They wanted me to start at 3 a.m to finish at 10 a.m Or 11 a.m or 12 a.m or whatever, uh 12 p.m Now I was like man, but I just discovered this strategy, but my account size was too small So I couldn't say no to them. So I was like, all right, i'll come and then I started trading 9 30 in the morning 9 30 eastern time which is like 11 30 or 12 30 whatever before going to work out trade and that's how I mastered my Early morning trading and that's how I mastered my afternoon trading and it just made me it worked, right? Um at the end of the day, whatever you do, whatever you do now everything Everything that god wants you to do is there for a reason I don't know if you believe in god or not, but I do believe in god and um Everything that's happening in your life is there for a reason and guess what god wanted me to quit my job So I i'm a master of the morning and a master of the afternoon and I can trade like a goddamn beast And god always have a bigger plan for you.Where will you stop thinking my mom used to say this? Where will you stop thinking god starts thinking there? Let's say one more time wherever the point where you stop thinking like you can't think beyond that God starts thinking there for you so It just works it works All right. Let's get back to the stuff not get too sentimental. Shall we? All right right here Look at this shitty trend very shitty trend choppy choppy choppy choppy choppy choppy choppy But what's happening here? There's a confluence.There's a trend line. There's this stuff happening There's orb level and there's a patient scandal Eventually when it broke all these critical levels boom, this is where trading is fun This is why I like trading so much. I like trading because the rules don't apply You're basically a free bird.So here that we have a trend line two three four five touches of the trend line We have orb level
we have cloud strategy at the top. We have the weave up on the top We have stocks looking like this stuff is looking like all right It's bouncing over and over again And if you bounce over and over again on a fresh thinly thinly frozen ice What happens you eventually fall through and eventually the stock fell through and guess what? Who was in the right place to catch this wave? Me right you get my point and beautiful and it worked after three o'clock as well But as I said, I don't trade after three like it's not my business. Anyway, there's another one right at the one o'clock So it's self-trending right at one o'clock.It goes back. Boom gives us a patient scandal right there beautiful move now I don't know about you man. I don't know about you, but How good is this stuff? This stuff's good.I know It just it just works wonders All right, so I'm glad that you like it. I'm glad that you like i'm sure you loved it So i'll see you in the next one. You're doing good and a freaking go.All right. See you in the next one. Goodbye
ckbv359kbr2l62hvrkqgAlright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're going to talk about my personal strategy that I like to call king and queen setup. And this is bloody good.So I like to call it king and queen strategy. Now we all know, like everybody, we all understand back in the day, kings used to have a few queens, not just one. They just didn't have one queen.They had a few queens. Same in the stock market, man. VWAP, VWAP my friend, is the king.So VWAP is the king. Now who is the queen? Every single level that's on your chart, plenty of queens, man. 8 EMA, 21 EMA, ORB levels, 200 simple moving average, open price, hourly levels, anything, pretty much any single level that's sitting on your charts is a queen.So when they're together, when they just like to hang together, in their personal time, VWAP don't like to get disturbed. The king and queen don't like to get disturbed. So what happens? So what I simply mean by that is, let's say, this is a VWAP right here.This is a VWAP. This is 8 EMA. This is price coming down.They don't like to get disturbed. All right. VWAP and EMA, they're intercrossing at that particular point.They don't like to get disturbed. So when VWAP is sitting with 8 EMA, the same price point and price goes to that point to disturb it, we see a big bounce or reject depending on the trend. So in this case, we'll see a big bounce from this particular point.Does it make sense? Right. So why does that happen? So people who trade 8 EMA, they're buying, people who trade VWAP, they're buying, people who trade like us, who trade king and queen strategy, they're buying. So that's why the stocks bounce.Make sense? All right. So basically confluence of VWAP with any other level. Now, king and queen strategy checklist.All right. It works best after 9.40 Eastern time, 10 minutes after the market open, it works beautiful. All right.Now, it needs a trend to set up. It can be a micro trend intraday or it can be a larger trend on hourly level. Some hourly level is breaking.That's why we are taking a trade. It's okay. Right.Or it can be just a little small play, micro trend intraday. All right. You need to wait for a pullback to the VWAP king and the king sitting with queen as a confluence.All right. A confluence can be, as I said, 8 EMA, 21 EMA, ORP, open price, hourly levels, 200
simple moment average, whatever. But we still need to see patient scandal.That's how we enter. But the stop loss is on the other side of patient scandals. Right.What are the profit targets? Profit targets are intraday levels. Does it make sense? Right. Now, okay.Sweet. You sure this makes sense? You want to take a screenshot of this checklist? Go take a screenshot. Come on.I just want to make sure that I have a nice face when you take a screenshot. All right. So what's happening here? The white line is a VWAP.The red line is a 21 EMA. The green line is the ORP level that we have. The prices were nicely trending in the morning.You can see right here. Then eventually comes down to this VWAP, EMA, all sorts of stuff. Formulates this little patient scandal right here.And the stock moves to the recent level. Does it make sense? All right. You sure? Yeah. Stop loss below this. Entry. Boom.Entry based on this. And we have a nice profit target. All right. Entry based on patient scandals. Sweet. Again, nice trend.Boom. Nice trend. Comes down into this little rain.Like they're sitting almost, almost, almost to the same price point. What happens? Stocks bounced very, very nicely from this point onwards to the next level. From this to the intraday level of previous intraday levels.Does it make sense? Right. Now, where do entry, where does the entry go? Yes. Above this patient scandal.This is a stop loss. This is a risk to reward. Risk to reward kind of makes sense. You're risking this much for potentially this. Makes sense. Right.Now, this is very visual concept. I hope this makes sense. Now I can push these videos an hour each, but I want to just get to the straight to the basics, straight to the point.So it's fun, you know, and you, so you think you're making like, um, or you can trick your brain that you're actually learning stuff. Um, otherwise when, when you're actually doing like 60 minutes long and there's only five minutes of sauce in it, oh man, those are boring videos. Like I don't like, I don't like those.
I'd rather watch five minute video and learn the same sort of stuff that I need. I will learn on a 60 minute chart. That's why these videos are like five, 10, 15.Anyway, again, now this is it. This is where it's cool, right? Now VWAP, ATMA, 21 UMA, whatever sitting, we have a patient scandal set up nicely. It made a decent move.The trend reversed and it made it micro trend in the 15 minutes. It went from low of the day to above the VWAP right here above the VWAP. Now that's a micro trend.You it pulled back to the VWAP all sort of stuff here, but formulated this patient scandal. Sweet. The prices then went to this level.So the risk to reward was nice. Does it make sense? So it worked to either side. It worked towards the downside.Then it worked towards the upside, right? Why? Now why is the question? It worked towards the downside because the downside trend was there. It came back to this little range. Sweet.And then it broke above the VWAP. Never gave us any patient scandal right here for us to go short, but gave us a patient scandal for us to go long. Now you might be like, why did we go long? Yeah, we go long because of this micro.Now there's two types of trend. One is macro. Macro trend is when the trend picks up on the day and actually just like goes in one direction.Micro is when it failed this macro trend and small trend within the macro trend starts working. Like it went from like the little 15 minutes, it picked up the trend, gives you a quick entry and exit. Does it make sense? Now next one is right here.Look at this beautiful move. This is the ORB level, right? The 15 minute level. ORB level, VWAP sitting right there.ORB, they gave us a beautiful patient scandal. Remember the VWAP rule? Do you remember the VWAP rule? 10, 15 cents away from the VWAP, right? What happened? Boom. Stock made a beautiful move.Same goes here. Look at this beautiful move. Patient scandal right here.You have king and queen setup right here. Made a beautiful move. Does it make sense? Now my whole point for you is to understand how this kind of the whole thing works.As long as we understand how this whole thing works, we will be able to break down. When I'm breaking down charts, you will actually understand. Oh yeah, I understand now what it means.Beautiful, nice move. Beautiful move. Again, one more time.Very nice. Gave us a patient scandal right at the end. Beautiful entry.
Bang. Dump. So what are the final thoughts on VWAP and king and queen? You can call a VWAP confluence strategy.I like to call it king and queen. Just sounds royal. All right.What are some of the thoughts that I have? Now make sure you need to make sure that there's some sort of trend. Like if there's no trend, man, the move is not going to be strong enough. So make sure there's a trend before you look for either move for the upside or downside without trend, this strategy will not work.Like I said before, and I will say it again, no strategy in the world is a hundred percent. So be prepared to stop loss if it doesn't bounce at that levels we are watching. Whatever we trade, doesn't matter what we trade.Okay. We always want to see a patient scandal. If there's no patient scandal setting up, we don't want to trade that.Right? Does it make sense? Now we always want to see a patient scandal period. No strategy is a hundred percent. Be prepared to stop loss.If it doesn't, it's all right. Take it easy. Stop loss.Okay. Sweet. Now, first things first, before we move forward, I just want to give this to you.You're doing very good. This stuff's not easy, man. This stuff's not easy to show up and actually get this done, but you're doing good.And I'm extremely proud of you. I believe in you. If you're watching this video, you are better than 99% of the people.And I'm extremely proud of you. And I believe in you that you can get this stuff done. And you have it in you.I know you have it in you. All right. So we oftentimes will get telling ourselves how good we are doing.So take your hand out like this. Come on, take your hand out. Pat yourself. Pat yourself on the back. You're doing good. I'm proud of you.I'll see you in the next one. Meanwhile, look after yourself. And A, like king and queen strategy, king doesn't like to get disturbed while he's sitting with the queen.So when you're with the family, just enjoy the family, bro. All right. Don't let any little things kind of bother you.Just a few lessons that I've learned in my life. Or this person rings you, but it's not urgent, man.
So, you know, freak it.You know, family comes first, my brother. All right. Family comes first.If you're sitting with your wife or your husband or kids, anything. The work call, A, you're not at work. It's not your job.It's not your responsibility. It's not your job. So don't worry. All right. Peace. Look after yourself.Goodbye.
ckhm4gcmp0i6449b67pgAll right, what is going on so Crypt walk my brother. I am going to answer your question And anybody else if you guys have any questions, okay About this topic. This would be very very very good.These are very good questions actually, so Thank you. Um, my brother for bringing them out So here's the thing i'm still unclear on are inverted. We'll go one one at a time So he said are inverted hammers only patient scandals for puts Or do they work for calls too in any scenarios? Okay, so I'll say okay.So let's say the trend is Down, okay. The trend is down and inverted hammer looks like this This is mostly a bearish candle. Why is this mostly a bearish candle? Because when this candle opened it went up like this then the sellers took over And it closed like this or it closed like This but mostly the sellers were in control.You see what i'm saying right here Mostly sellers were in control. That's why when I opened it went down so much so inverted hammers Like these candles they're mostly bearish bearish support. That means there were some sort of Sellers showing up.So are these just for puts? Yes Why because they are critical candles where we clearly know that the sellers are coming again, maybe at an atma Maybe at a critical level that was running across and they made a selling candle. So that's what it means when inverted hammers are forming at some sort of critical level like here, there's a Critical level Previously and we form this candle. This is the patient's candle the price can move Okay, so these particular inverted hammer candles do not work for puts why because these are bearish candles You get my point? These are bearish candles for puts it will be Hammer candles why because if the trend is up and we see this sort of thing on a critical level Then we know prices can move up, right? So that makes sense.Hopefully So are hammers only patients candles for calls or do they work for puts to in any scenarios Um hammers like this is a hammer. So this works for calls. Yes um Be a red or green.They are mostly for they're just for calls and inverted ones are more just for puts Okay, just try to understand like if this is a candle what happened here if this is a green candle Let's say price is open here, right price is open right here Then it went down when it went down right to this point when it went down then the buyers took over pushed it higher It closed right here. That's why it's a green candle. So who had the most control? Buyers had the most control That's why these are bullish candles If it's a inverted candle And it's a red candle.Let's say Sell up this way opened prices went up sellers took over most of the candle and went down You get my point so Other one is is there a break to the opposite if there's a break to the opposite side of uh and reclaim of the potential Previous potential candle then whether there's the potential patient's candle. Um Yes, and no at the same time as well depends on what other
Depends I don't I would not say sorry why let's say we are taking puts right and this is what it's forming Right and the next candle opened up here pushed higher a little bit moved higher But the low hasn't broken and within the same five minute it made a wick on the top and broke the downside We'll take the downside play with the stop loss right here Again, no, no problem We'll take this play So just in case if I went and broke this previous candles high and closed above or whatever And even made a smaller patient's candle the five-minute candle could close like this that this is a new patient's candle for us Okay, you get my point. So if the price went down we had a patient's candle um, we had a patient's candle the next candle is like Small candle like this now.This is a new patient's candle and this is not a patient's candle anymore All right Uh, can patients can only exist more than one candle later. Um Yeah, it can exist like whenever if as long as the trend is down as long as we are holding Um, this is highs. This is lower highs is lower highs.This is lower highs This is when I would not trust the patient's candles why broke the structure you get my point? Otherwise, um, otherwise as long as it's holding a structure It can the patient's candle can be anywhere up until this point. It can be anywhere right here. It can even break up and Become like this, which means the sellers took over.It's still the structure is still intact. Okay uh In smaller range in the patient's candle. Yeah, that's clear in what can scenarios the spinning top has to be Our spinning tops tops are just like man, there's these are like Be a calls be a puts whatever it doesn't really matter.Don't over complicate it, bro. Um, just use this stuff This is how the patient's candle work. Um after a big trend if there's a small candle that we see basically a big Candle like this and then we have a small candle like this and then we take a play That's pretty much what patient's candle.It's not over complicated. That's all brother All right, if this is still not clear, let me know. Okay, type it right here.Let me know
ckqvid2bskf3v52lbgagAlright, what is going on fam? Hope you're having the best day of your entire life. Hey, you ready for this particular module? We're gonna have so much fucking fun here. Um, crazy, alright? It'll be nuts, I promise you.Anyway, so far whatever modules you have done before this, 9, 10, whatever modules you have done, this module is gonna be special. We're gonna talk about level 2, we're gonna talk about tape, we're gonna talk about how to take bounces, rejects, Fibonacci, some chart examples. Over, like, say, next couple months, time, two or three months of time, there will be so many examples that we're gonna add to this particular module, where we'll have more and more and more and more examples of level 2, and how to actually trade using the level 2, and it's gonna be so much fun.Like, you're gonna love it, alright? So, get started. Quick overview, alright? Quick little overview of what we're gonna do here. So, first things first, I wanna do a complete, complete, like, when I say complete, complete breakdown of what level 2 is.I'll show you some of the examples of level 2 with charts, um, you know, all the scenarios, all different stuff that level 2 requires. We'll look at that stuff, then complete breakdown of what times and sales is, and then I'll show you what to look for on times and sales. When you need to make money, man, this is what you need.Like, that stuff is what you need if you wanna actually grow as a trader, alright? Now, level 2 and times and sales is only important, but you can get to a thousand dollars a day without level 2, alright? But when you need to make more than, like, you might be, like, sitting there, be like, bro, thousand a day, that sounds fucking amazing. Yeah, cool, it sounds amazing, beautiful. Then use this particular module when you already make thousand a day, and you wanna make fucking five thousand, right? But otherwise, just try to understand what this whole module means, right? Now, we'll do a complete breakdown of what times and sales is, and then what sort of things that you need to look for in level 2 and times and sales, and we'll show you some examples, okay? Then, now it comes, you have learned level 2, you have learned times and sales, now we need to learn how to actually put it together.Now, if you can put it together, there's a lot of money to be made, right? Now, salt by itself, like, let's say this is salt, right? Salt by itself doesn't mean shit, right? Now, salt with fucking some pasta, bro, you know, pasta and salt, if there's no salt, whatever, right? You get my point. Salt by itself is nothing, but it's very important, right? For, like, food or whatever. You get the point.Hey, I tried. Now, we need to combine them. We have learned level 2, we have learned times and sales, now we combine them and see how actually the money is made, right? And then, that combination will try to learn what is a bounce and a reject and how to trade bounce and reject the criteria, the stuff that you need in order to make money as a trader on bounces and
rejects using Fibonacci retracement levels as well.We'll talk about if you're like, bro, I have no idea what Fibonacci retracement is. No stress. We'll talk about it, all right? We'll talk about what Fibonacci retracement is, we'll talk about all this stuff and it's gonna be so much fun, all right? So, welcome to the module and this is the video number one.Let's fucking go. Hey, my hair looks good. I just came back from the gym, man.Just put on, just chucked on this shirt. Oh, you see, I see a little bulge now. Before, I was just fat. All right, I will see you in the next one. All right, goodbye. Let's fucking go.
ckqvl1a5iabuq1m1fi40Alright, welcome back to another video. Now, in this video, I'm going to go over level 2. Alright, now first things first man, as you can see the screen right, this is one of the most fun topics and people are so scared of level 2 and time themselves. It's not because it's a difficult topic but it's because of the preconceived notions that you already have in your system about level 2 and time themselves.It's one of the most easiest topic to understand and I'm going to make this very very hard lesson that you think very easy for you. So stay with me till the end and the way I'm going to break it down for you, you'll be like man, I wish somebody would have told me this before. Alright, you'll understand how to trade using level 2 and the tape and everything by the end of this.So, let's get to the next slide and let's talk about this. Alright, now what is level 2? Level 2 is just a term that is used to describe the book of every pending equity order on the market. Now, for example, let's say you want to get rid of your iPhone right and there's 300 other people getting rid of the iPhone.So, you try to sell and you list it on your on Facebook marketplace right and you listed it for let's say $300 right. Your order has gone out but has not been filled yet right and one of your friends want to buy an iPhone and he placed an ad on Facebook marketplace. I'm looking to buy an iPhone, this model for $250.He placed an order but it's not filled yet. So, that's level 2. Level 2 is a term used to describe the book of every pending equity order. Stuff that's still pending and has like you about to sell your phone but nobody has given you an offer yet.That's your ask. Nobody has actually made you an offer. So, it's not filled.That's why it's pending right now right and this is what level 2 quote looks like okay. Now, you might be like oh my god like what? This stuff's easy. So, let's break it down.So, you see the number here 25, 50, 250, 700, 157, 87, 125, 225, 100, 25, 75. This number in most depending on the broker that you use, this number will be you'll have to multiply this number by 100 okay. Most of the times this number has to be multiplied by 100 but in this case, the example that I'm showing you, this number do not have to be multiplied because I change the settings because I like to do least amount of work right.I want to see the exact thing. I don't want to calculate myself. So, you can go to your settings whatever broker you use and you can change alright.Now, level 2 alright. Level 2 will give you the information as to where people want to buy or sell but they have not been filled yet right. Now, imagine this.
There's 500 people want to sell an iPhone at $280 right and you want 300. That means the other 500 phones have to go before someone there's no other like no the people want iPhone but there's nobody else to sell and then they'll give you 300 but other 280 have to go. Why would somebody pay 300 while they can buy the same thing for 280 right.So, same thing here. Level 2 can provide you an insight on where the sellers and buyers are and support and resistance levels okay. If there's too many people trying to sell the iPhone at $280 that becomes a strong resistance right.It's going to be hard for the price to break above straight away alright and the prices can reject. Why? Someone like me. Let's say I need the money right.I need the money. I need it quick and I see bro there's like 700 people selling the iPhone at$280. I really need this money quick.I have to put gas in my fucking car. I'll try to sell for $265 right and other people go shit like oh my god I need money quick as well. Fuck it.I'm not gonna wait. They sell for $260. Someone sells for $255.Then the price starts dropping. So, where was the resistance here? $280 was the resistance because everybody just started selling uh small and as a buyer you'd rather pay less yeah. So, the price reverses right.Now level 2 provides you an insight on where the support and resistance levels would be or whether the demand is more or supply is more. Like in this case there's more sellers selling an iPhone than more buyers right. Make sense? Sweet.Now the components of level 2. What do level 2 actually exist of right? Like what makes a level 2 complete? So, this is what level 2 looks like right. First thing is exchange. On every single platform that you use.Doesn't matter whatever you use. First one would be exchange. On one side exchange.They might be like what is exchange? These are different exchanges which pretty much gets the order filled right. So, Nasdaq is one exchange. Then we have ACB, PSX, SMRT, IEX, ARCA.There's so many different exchanges right. First comes exchange. Now do you have to pay attention and learn about these exchanges? No.Like you do not have to even learn about any of this. It becomes just like visual concept right. First comes exchange.Then bids and buyers. Where are the buyers sitting? So, these buyers are willing to pay $250 for an iPhone but they're like bro I ain't paying $280. Fuck you.
You want to sell it to me? Sell it at $250 right. So, these are the buyers who have the money right now and they're like you want my money? I want to buy these shares but I want to pay this price. I'm not paying any more right.Then comes this buyer who's sitting at $901.33 wants to buy 100 shares at this particular price right. From IEX exchange someone let's say Johnny wants to buy 100 shares of this stock that's sitting at $901.33 and he wants to buy $901.33 but the other side we have exchange as well and then we have the ask price the seller who wants to sell an iPhone for $280 and this seller wants to sell 100 shares at $901.87 right and then comes ask. Now do you see the difference between this $901.33 and $901.87? There's a $0.54 difference.This $0.54 you see this difference right here difference between this price and this price right from $901.87 $901.33 there's a difference of $0.54 right. $0.54. Now this $0.54 is called slippage right. If I call it slippage you can call it um there's so many fucking names man you can call it spread I just call it slippage but the real name is spread okay the real real name is spread I'm just like that's how I back in the day I learned and I just got stuck to my brain this $0.54 is called spread and when people say oh the spread is too wide they simply mean the buyers want $10 to buy $10 sellers want to sell at $50 there's a slip there's a spread of $40 and it's too wide you know what I'm not gonna participate when people say the spread is too wide that's what they mean the difference between the buyer and the seller is too wide okay smaller it is just you do not have to do too much of maths don't don't have to be complicated I'm just gonna make it simple there's a lot of stuff that we do not need to understand like taxes we don't understand taxes we still have to pay right why do they tax every single income I don't fucking know but we still pay the taxes so some stuff we do not understand but we still have to do so same thing here smaller smaller the slippage better it is for us as a trader all right smaller the slippage better it is for us as a trader just put this in your head nothing fancy all right sweet all right beautiful in the next video we're going to learn about the two different types of conditions for level 2 but hopefully just like the overall concept of level 2 is pretty clear now all right I'll see you in the next one hey this is fun isn't it you know why I'm like so hyped up and pumped up this is a secret to my energy god damn I much love fam I'll see you guys later see you in the next one
ckqvmnqjknrlbftps840Yo, welcome to another video. I hope you're doing well a lot You're doing very good. Actually.Hey, let's freaking go. You see showing up every day, you know Just putting in time to learn new skills pays off. There was a time where I was on the other side of that fucking webcam I promise you I keep going keep pushing.I know you have it in you That's why you fucking showing up every single day. You ain't gonna goddamn quit So keep motherfucking going and just know just know I'm proud of you. Alright, let's fucking go Now we're gonna talk about two different types of conditions for level two All right, the two different types of conditions for level two are the first condition is called The first condition is called stacked.The other one is called tin Okay, maybe I'm like bro. What the fuck does that mean? The first thing is called stacked What is stacked now stack simply means when too many of the things like too many orders are sitting at the same price point I imagine this everybody Everybody wants to sell the iPhone at the same price, right? Buyers try to come up Everyone wants to sell here. There's no enough buyers.No enough buyers, but too many sellers. What will happen price will play around and Turn around that's called stacked ask Why because too many people are sitting there. They're asking for this $280 where is selling the iPhone at right? There's too many people sitting at 280.That's a stacked ask, right? and you will see this on level two as too many people sitting there at the same price point and you can be like All right, that's a stacked ask. All right now other side of the stack task is called stacked bid Now what happens on a stacked bid? But when sellers are selling sellers are selling price comes down to this particular area could be like let's say 200 and by you know sellers want to get rid of their iPhones 200 That's where a lot of buyers are sitting there stacked bids A lot of buyers want to buy the iPhone at $200 the sellers are not enough push the price through what happens? Slowly the sellers everyone who wants to sell sell and all these buyers who couldn't get filled They will start feeling little formal and the prices will bounce That's simply it the other good example that I'll give you here is this simple example Okay, that will drive home think about this one sheet of paper You need a little little needle from the top Okay, lops and it rips through this whole whole thing sheet of paper But on the other side the other side, this is a stack there's 30 different pieces of paper you're holding a needle same thing drops hits here and just Couldn't go through. Yeah, it might rupture if I can two or three fuck up You know a bunch of some couple of two or three if I can piece of paper, but couldn't go through and it falls.So I Went too many of the things are called stack a stacked bid means a lot of people have buy orders That is sitting at the same price point and it's very very common very common to see stacked Bids a lot of buyers want to buy at the support level price is coming down A lot of
buyers are sitting there too many buyers sitting there So at the strong weekly support a daily so whatever any support level It's very common to see a lot of buyers sitting at a strong support point. It's very hard to pay on the other side stacked ask stacked ask is When too many sellers are sitting at the same price point and everyone's like point Let me get rid of my phone as soon as possible and they usually I will they think the prices can't break through They usually sitting at the resistance point. Okay? Now what do you mean here, right? because the other one is Stack bid where a lot of buyers are and we understood stacked ask where a lot of sellers are right? We understood this now.This is done, right? Now this is done. Now. We need to understand what is stacked? What is the thing a pin bit simply means when some buyers are sitting there like let's say one single individual person sitting there He wants to buy at that particular price Sellers like who the fuck are you get the fuck out of here? But alright him bid like this is 10 bid some someone sitting there 10 bit means there's not a lot of buyers So the price can simply fall through easily.Okay on the other side. We have 10 ask What is 10 ask ask simply means one seller by the buying they're like bro. What the fuck you doing here get the fuck out Oh, okay So 10 ask simply me sit now simply means there's not a lot of sellers and the price can just rise through very very easily Okay, these are the two different conditions for level two.I'm you understood now stacked other one is 10 and they further gets divided into two which is simple bid ask bit ask and this bid is support level Ask me resistance left. Hi This means basically in there nothing there. All right.Now, how do we use this? Well, I'll give you some examples moving forward, but Understand these are examples of each in the next video All right I'm glad that you understood if you didn't get it with the jam session that we're gonna do or ask us in the discord I I'll see you later Doing good. I keep the momentum going. I'm fucking pop that fucking get this shit.Come on that's
ckqvq7ijknrlbftps8a0Yo, what is going on fam? Hope you're doing well. In this particular video, we're going to go over, we already covered two components and two conditions, level two, stacked, thin, we already covered this right? Now in this one, we're going to go over the next topic, which is another very important topic. Let me lift the bench up a little bit.Hang on. All right, sweet. I see you now.All right, so this one, we're going to talk about some of the examples of level two entitlements sales, right? Stacked bid, thin bid, stacked ask, thin ask, everything. All right, so this particular one, examples of stacked bid, we're going to go over Tesla that was on this particular date at this time, right? Let me show you the level two first. This is what level two looked like, right? Now you need to take out your pen and paper and write down a note, okay? So in this particular case, there is one, two, three, four, five different exchanges.What do five different exchanges mean? When I'm trading from my interactive broker, they use SMRT to execute my trades. This is the exchange they use. If there's EDGX, NASDAQ, KCB, BATS, MIX, these are different exchanges.That means these come from different brokers. That also can mean these come from different people from different corners of the world. All right, the number one condition for a stacked bid is, what is it? Number one condition for this is we want to see multiple exchanges sitting at the same price point.That's what we want. Multiple exchanges sitting at the same price point is important. Now, multiple can be 10, 20, 30.No, anything more than two is good, okay? But two should be more than thousand shares. Like in this case, more than thousand, more than thousand, more the better, but two more than thousand is good, okay? It's more the better. As I said, more the better.Okay, now in this case, look at this. Why this is not a stacked ask? You know the reason why this is not a stacked ask? Because it's not more than a thousand. Make sense? So, one condition is multiple exchanges sitting at same price point.Like in this case, 796, 796, 796. Everyone's sitting at the same price point. That's one of the most, most important.And multiple different exchanges, minimum two, more than a thousand shares is what we want, right? All right, now this is done. This is called stacked bid. Now, what does it actually mean? Now, stacked bid simply means this is a strong area.The prices can bounce here, right? Because if you think about this, all right, do the maths. 1,200 plus 1,200, 2,400, 912. This is another 1,112.
That's 3,512 shares, right? And times 796. If I'm not wrong, we are looking at somewhere around 2.8 million dollars. That's 2.8 million dollars sitting at one single price point from multiple different exchanges from different corners of the world.Clearly, they're buyers. They're strong from different exchanges. I'm going to look at the charts.This is what happened, okay? I'm going to zoom in, zoom in a little bit. This price has dropped all the way. Boom, boom, boom.Look at this. Bang! Patience candle right here. Bang! Bang! Patience candle right here.Boom! Patience candle right here. Bang! Another one. Bang! You see this? Now, all of a sudden, on level two, not even an 800, but on level two, we saw a stacked bid sitting at 796.What does that tell us? The moment it's about to reach 796, feel free to take a big chunk of profits off, okay? So how I do about this, how I go about this, the moment it's about to reach here, I'll take like three-fourths off. One-fourth, I'll move at break-even. Either at break-even, like if I enter here and I'm already up 300%, of course, not break-even, right? Then I'll just do nearest level that I have in today, just above it, it'll stop us.But in this case, it broke below this particular level, gave us a patience candle. Look at this. It gave us, clearly, it's yelling at us right here.It's screaming at us right here. This candle looks like this. You know what's screaming at us? It's screaming, try me.Buy. Go long. Looks good.Boom. We got the patience candle entry. What happens? Stop-loss, either here or low for the day, actually.So you're basically risking $2, $2.50, $2.50, and move into, broke above this, broke near even to this particular area, 806. You see what I'm saying? This is how you use stacked bid. You use it to take profits, so you can take profits off the table.Also, reversals. You want to play reversals? If you're about to jump out of your puts play, why not use that play as a confirmation that maybe there's a reversal coming? If you're not confirmed that there's a reversal coming, why the fuck are you getting out of a trade? If you're not sure, then what if it didn't reverse? Then that means you're not sure that they're going to bounce, or you're not convinced they're going to bounce. If you're not convinced they're going to bounce, then why are you getting out of your puts play in the first place? You're getting out because you saw some buyers.What does buyers mean? It's stacked. If it gives you entry, go long. Other buyers are there. Boom. That's how you make money on both sides. All right.
Now next one is Stackdask. Now Stackdask, this is Stackdask right here. We have two different exchanges, 1,000 shares, right? Two different exchanges, NASDAQ, ADGX.Our kind, MIAX. We have more than 1,000, four different exchanges. And if we do the maths, that's 3,400 times 856, 2.9 million.Somewhere around that, 2.9 million, right? Now, hey, 856, clearly we know there's $2.9 million of sellers sitting there. If there's a confluence of you taking a play, why wouldn't you take it? Level approaching, you're getting out of your colds, why wouldn't you take this? There's money to be made, downside, right? Right. Look at this.Check at the time, 1029. Where's 1029? 1030 would be somewhere here. 856, it broke out of 856 for a little bit, rejected, never gave us an entry.Now here's the thing, fam. We still got to wait for the patient scandal, but it would have given you enough confidence to jump out of your colds play, right? You jump out of your colds play. Now, you're out of your colds play, but you're not in puts play, but here we got a patient scandal.Boom. Below this level, now, if it breaks this VWAP and also this little trend line that's running across, let me delete the drawings, and also this trend line that's running across, patient scandal, clearly you saw some sellers, prices reversing, 200 moving average sitting right above it on a five-minute chart. Bam.Bam, motherfucker. Goddamn it. I know, right? We need this silence. We need this silence. Sit in silence. All right, look at this move, bro.This went from 842-ish down to 804. Wow. $40 drop.Take a trade like this once a freaking week, bro, you never have to fucking work for other men ever again in your fucking entire goddamn life, right? That's like dumped after VWAP broke. Now, thin bid. Now, you understood stacked bid? Understood stacked ask? Now, time about thin bid.Now, what is thin bid? Thin bid simply means, if a critical level breaks, or in this particular case, 820 was a critical level. After 820 breaks, right, there was a lot of buyers sitting at 820, but it broke, right? The level broke. So, you were watching, let's say, it was an hourly level, and it's holding on an hourly level really, really nicely.You're like watching below 820. It broke, right? You still gotta wait for patient scandal, but this is what you see on level two. Show me one stacked bid.Nowhere. Not even 1,000 shares at all. You don't even see it up until 18.8, like the whole thing you see here.
This is called thin bid. That means, yeah, just some motherfuckers, you know, some broke motherfuckers buying. Nobody gives a fuck about them anymore, right? This is what's happening.Does it make sense? All right, sweet. Now, this simply means no stacking at all, or very spacey bids. These are very, very spacey bids.Look at this, 817,
ckqvuii5iabuq1m1fic0All right, what is going on fam, hope you're doing well. In this video we are going to go over what is times and sales and um it took me so freaking, hey the last video that um that you watched in this video has a difference of like two hours. You're probably like what the fuck are you talking about? Two hours? I mean hang on let me take a photo.Oh hey, photo's done. Now you saw me taking photo. Freaking took me three hours and I set up the webcam with my new Mac as actual iPhone.So I had an iPhone somewhere right um I had an iPhone somewhere sitting my older iPhone. I think it's 11 um and I just using it as a webcam now. It's so clean now.Yeah um all right so what is time and sales? In this video we're going to go over time and sales and what is it and um in the next one we'll go over some examples with it right. So what is time and sales? Time and sales also known as tape is an actual live representation of orders that have been filled. I will go back to the example of um of the phone selling trying to sell your phone right.We'll try to go back to that same example. So you trying to sell your phone at 280 dollars right. This is the phone that you're trying to sell your iPhone at.Um now if somebody bought like somebody else sold a phone at 275 by law they have to report what time um how many uh phones did this person buy, what time um and the price he paid for. The time, quantity and the price okay. By law they have to tell you this.So you can see in the real time while you're trying to sell at 280 how many phones selling at 275 and then when they're about to do 280 then they're like 279 still 10,000 phones sold. You're like you know what let me be a little bit greedy let me try to sell for 300 um and then you get paid300. So that's time and sales.It's just an actual live representations of orders that have been filled all right. Now here's what time and sales look like. Um boom we have price, this is the price, this is the quantity and this is the time.Time and sales is just a real time data feed of orders that have been placed for a security and the orders that have been filled for the security right. Now each order shows you the price it was executed at, this was the price it was executed at, the date and the time of the order right and which direction the stock was sticking at the time uh which I'll tell you in a minute all right. Um that's it like the quantity, the price and the time.This is the three main most important things right. Now before we continue moving forward man there's one thing that I want to clear out right. There's a big myth that a lot of people think red means sell.
Red means sell, green means buy. I'm here to tell you man this is not the case. Now what do these colors actually indicate right.Now the red here, the red means the stock was ticking down the order the time this order got filled. I might be like bro what the fuck you're talking about. Um all right so let's say 280 you're trying to sell your phone at 280 then you saw on time and sales you saw 275.Um somebody sold their phone at 275 right and the next phone that sold was 276 all right. Now you will see this 276 all right this 276 right here you will see this will be green. Why? Because it ticked up, price moved higher from 275 to 276 right.Green means the stock was ticking higher the time order was placed. So the or while the order got placed the stock ticked up right but what would have happened if it would have gone down. What would have happened if it would have next order goes down to 274.Now this will be highlighted in you guessed it right because it ticked down red. Makes sense. Why? Because the order the price ticked down from 275 to 274.So red means the stock was ticking down at the time order was filled whereas green means the stock was ticking higher at the time order was filled. All right you got the point. All right sweet.Now um next one we have is now key points for time and sales all right. Here's the thing all right. All the orders that have been placed on a security buyers and sales are in time and sales all right.Let's look at the photo right here all right. This is a photo all the orders that have been placed on the security buyers and sales. We see every single thing right here all right.So we also see time these orders were placed right. We also see size of the order placed and the price these orders got filled at. Does it make sense? Now what happened here look at this.These are key points. You see this the white. White means they go filled in the middle all right.They got filled between the this is the bid price this is the ask price. They got filled anywhere in the middle. That means just the white color right here.Depends on the broker that you use as well. Okay so don't just compare um don't just look at it like oh it has to exactly be the same. The coloring on time and sales is just like it indicates the direction stock was ticking.But be it whatever whatever you broker that you trade on. Red would mean stock was ticking down at the time. Green would mean stock was ticking up at the time.And here in this case white simply means it's in the middle of bids and asks. But yeah you get the point. All right now the best way to kind of go about this is it gets broken down into two different parts two different types.
But as long as we understand the first bit what is time and sales. What do these numbers actually mean? This is price this is quantity this is time. What do these numbers actually mean? As long as we understand this moving forward it will make things so much easier for us.All right I hope you get this. Hope you got this. Hope you understood this. Um sweet. I will see you in the next one. Peace.Keep going. Keep pushing.
ckqvuii5iabuq1m1ficgAlright, what is going on fam? I hope you're doing well. So we spoke about this whole stacked bid, stacked ask, thin bid, thin ask, everything right? Now in this video I want to go over some dangers that are involved using level 2. Okay, level 2 is done but there are some dangers that we would be very careful about. Now market makers can hide order sizes by just placing small orders over and over again.It's very very easy for market makers to place small orders because the reason why they can do is place small orders is rather than you watching their thousand dollars more than thousand dollar position size and you being aware of what they're doing. So what basically happens is, what basically can happen is they will make the position size a little bit right? They will do 300 contracts but they will 300 shares but every three or four cents apart. So now you can't actually see that they are there, right? So what happens? They hid themselves and we won't be able to tell.There's no other way, right? Now market makers can place large offers on the bid or ask only to pull the order. You might be like bro, there's some motherfucker buying 50,000 shares on Apple and you're like bro, short sellers like on the ask side you see 50,000 shares and you're like bro, someone is shorting Apple heavy and you want to follow that, right? You're like bro, someone knows something clearly only to see they will disappear like they will literally they will pull the order out. Market makers will actually buy 50,000 shares and they will trap you.This is how false breakouts happen, right? So market makers can place large offers on bid or ask only to pull the order and reverse their position size making short sellers cover or buyers stop loss. Now how do we protect ourselves from this? You know the easy way to protect ourselves from this is which is why I mentioned before that you know what we do? We want to see more than two different exchanges. We see more than two different exchanges.More than a thousand shares, more the better but more than a thousand shares on two different exchanges. So if one different exchange market makers trying to play around, we don't give a f**k what's happening on one. We want to pay attention to two or more, more than a thousand shares.That's when we care so we do not get trapped into in this crap, right? Make sense? And now the last one is market makers can hide orders by trading through ECNs. It's just some electronic which are computerized order placement systems that is just like they'll buy 10 shares at a time and it will go 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, look at more than 10,000 shares like this. And you're sitting there you're like, oh there's nothing happening and they 10,000 shares in.These are some of the dangers that, is there any way around? No. Too bad. There's a way around this, you like there's no way around this one and this one.This is what it is. Even this one, sometimes they can trap you in from multiple exchanges as
well. There's no way around that's why we say stop loss is f**king important, all right? Now next Next one comes right here, we have some pros and cons of using level 2. What are some of the pros and cons of using level 2? So the pros and cons of using level 2 is, we'll talk about pros first.Level 2 tells us, indicates buyers and sellers and where the key support resistance levels are. So if you see a stacked bid sitting at 796, you know for a fact a lot of buyers are sitting there. A lot of buyers are sitting there, that will become like a magnet for the stock to go down to.Ask me why? Now here's the psychological part you need to understand. If think about this, everyone wants to pay $300 for an iPhone, why would you want to pay $350 if $300 is the industry norm? Unless you're fucking crazy, you're like, I'm happy to pay $350, does that make sense? So you'd be like, you know what, I'd rather sit at $300 as well, I'm not in a rush to sell this, I'd rather sit at $300. What happens is, that becomes like a magnet and the stock gets attracted towards that.Same goes with the sellers. Would you rather, if you have to sell your Airpods, would you rather sell your Airpods for $100 or you sell for $30? Of course $100, you want more and more for the things that you own. So these people who are selling, they already own those shits, they want more and more for the things that they own so they can profit more.So those become levels and they become magnets. That's why they can help us short-term price movement. They can help us a little bit about where the price can go on a short-term basis.And then it will help you take more profits from your order, just how it is, stack bid, stack task, be able to take a little bit more profits and it will just improve timings on your trades. You see some stack task sitting there, you're like, man, I got to be a little bit careful, let it break, let me give it, if it breaks above it and then it gives me a patience candle towards the upside, I might trade this. Otherwise, if it gives me a patience candle like this, this is a critical level stack task, it breaks towards the upside and then the next candle gives you a patience candle like this, bro, let me trade this for the next move.Otherwise, there's a stack task right here, tries to break, couldn't, gives you a patience candle like this. And you're like, you know what, let me go short with the stop loss right here, let me play downside. Boom.It just improves timings of your trades, so you do not jump in calls when you should can make some money on the puts. The cons, every good thing has some cons, right? A knife, right, I can't seem to find a knife, clearly I'm in my office. A knife or a pen, man, you can use this pen to write a million dollar fucking check.You can use this pen to fucking pretty much, you know, stab somebody in the fucking eye. A tool can be used both ways, right, good way, bad way, whatever, everything. So market makers
can trick you, just the price you pay, price manipulation is happening, like I explained about this 50,000 shares right here, right, and they can hide their trades through ECNs like I told you about the 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10 multiple orders, the ECNs right here, right, these are the cons and we live with it, right, you use a knife fucking at home all the time to cook, but sometimes you get a cut, a little cut, that's okay, and we have abandoned for that, just to cover the, you know, just, that's a soft loss, that's a risk management, right, I don't want to bleed out to death, that's a risk management, you see what I'm saying? So be prepared, risk management is everything.Alright fam, this is level 2 fam, that's all it is, there will be more and more examples as we go in our ongoing education portal, and this is going to be so much fun, alright, you motherfuckers are doing very well, I'll see you in the next one, alright, peace!
ckqvuiibskf3v52lbgpgAlright fam, what is going on? Welcome back to another video. You are absolutely killing it and I'm so freaking happy to have you here. Alright, in this video we're going to go over what are the two different types of conditions for time-outs.Okay, remember the two different types of conditions for level 2, stacked and tinned. Here we have aggressive buyers and aggressive sellers. These are two different types of conditions.Okay, literally, truly it. Alright, there's nothing fancy. Aggressive buyers or aggressive sellers.Now, first look at aggressive buyers, alright. If you're watching time-out sales and there are a lot of buyers coming in, at or above the ask, you have aggressive buying and strong demand for upside. What does that mean? When you're watching time-out sales, alright, and you see the time-out sales go all green, like you see that whole thing getting green because it's ticking up.Why it ticks up? Because a lot of buyers are like trying to outbid each other and they're like, oh damn, let's go, keep pushing higher. That's called aggressive buyers. Most of the time, you'll see aggressive buyers happen with like a strong, like let's say this is a strong stacked bid, okay.The strong stacked bid, price broke out, now it became a strong stacked bid and all of a sudden, when it's a stacked bid, that means the buyers are sitting there and as soon as the price goes down, their buyers go aggressive on time-out sales and we have a reason because of stacked bid, one. Second, we have is we see aggressive buyers come in, the time-out sales going all green, like green, green, green, green, green, green, green, right. Stock started bouncing and it gives us a patient scandal, like a little patient scandal right here, like I mean right here, right.Entry, take a trade. This is literally what aggressive buyers means, alright. On the other side, we have aggressive sellers.If you're watching time-out sales and there are a lot of sellers coming in, you have aggressive selling or strong supply for downside. For example, a critical level break, a critical level break, you see thin ask, a thin bid, why? Because the critical level broke towards the downside, there's no buyers sitting there and then you see aggressive sellers come in, that means it goes all red, the time-out sales going all red, there's a thin bid on the level two and time-out sales are going all red, print, print, print, print, print, print, print, print, print, that means, okay, there's aggressive selling happening. Now, how do we use this though? Let's look at some examples, shall we? Now, let's look at example of aggressive selling first.Okay, look at this example on Tesla. Remember this 820? I'm sure you remember this, 820 was somewhere here, 820. Remember this, 820, the moment it broke below, 820, this is, check the date, 23,950.
I'll go back to time-out sales, we had 950, boom, same day. The moment it broke the 820, because it was a critical level, right? Look at this, all red. Now, what do you be like, what does this blue mean? This is just like custom settings, man, just understand this blue also means red for now, all right? Look at this, within 20 seconds, 950.09 to 950.29, how many do you see red? Red, red, red, red, red, red, red, red, red, red, red, red, freaking red, bro, turning all red, the moment it broke 820, it's turning all red, the price is dropping, this thin, thin bit over there, a strong critical level is breaking.Now, what happens? Clearly, we see some sellers, boom, now that confirms that the level's broken, now we need to wait for a patient scandal, take the trade. Guess what? What happened here? Aggressive selling, aggressive buying started happening, price pushed, that's all you need to know, okay? This is how you watch level two, it doesn't have to be like, oh, let me try to read every single thing, no, it's just, hey, it's just a whole concept, once the concept is clear, your life will become so much easier, all right? It's about the concept, it's not about cramming shit, we're not in high school no more, all right? The cramming shit don't pay no more, all right? Try to understand the concepts, the reasoning will pay, all right? Now, let's look at the next one, aggressive buying, again, Tesla, and look at this, within 20 seconds only, from 10 or 7, 57 seconds to 10, 8, 18, within 20 seconds, you see this green, green, green, green, green, all green, why? Why though? It would be, if a strong move has happened, come down to critical level, say, to just retest, for example, right? All of a sudden, you see these aggressive buying happening, and then you wait for a patient scandal, and then you get a bloody sweet move up, damn, that's what we like, make sense? Yeah? Now, shall we look for example? Look at this example, the reason why it jumped around this price point was, there was EMAs, or I think there was EMAs, we were sitting at the same price point, the king and queen strategy that we spoke in the previous module, I think, and we have this scandal, then the next patient scandal set up, bang, do you see what's happening here? There's nowhere, nowhere did we fucking go, it has to be perfect setup, nowhere, we just went like, all right, it made a huge move, right? It made a huge move, now, if it pulled back, if it pulled back to the previous critical level, that's when we want to see some aggressive buying or aggressive selling, depending on the trend, we want to see aggressive buying, aggressive selling, if that happened, that's how you pretty much make money, right? Now, the question in your brain might be like, how do I watch so many things in the real time, like I'm watching charts, I'm watching options, I'm watching, you're watching charts, you're watching options, you're watching spy, you're watching level two, you're watching diamond sales, you're watching 10 minute chart, two minute chart, five minute chart, whatever it is, how do you watch so many things? That's why it takes six months, right? It doesn't happen in a day, fam, I would love to tell you, you can become a fucking trader that you want to become, because what you want is for lifetime, you don't want fucking some like, you know, whatever, oh yeah, give me some money now, you want for lifetime, I'm 24, right? I started learning when I was 19, yeah, my point, I'm nearly 25 by the way now, couple months, anyway, does it make sense though? We want it for lifetime, I want to be trading by the time I'm 45, I love it so much, right? So, why actually go and try to fucking make money or let me make all the money this week? No, we want to trade next 20 years, learn the fucking skill, all
right? So, take some time and you'll be good at it, all right? All right, fam, I will see you in the next video, this is literally what diamond sales is, we spoke about level two and now we'll try to put everything together as well, actually, we did put everything together in this particular, these two and we'll do a quick little key takeaways that you need to remember, all right? I'll see you in the next one, peace.
ckqvuiibskf3v52lbgq0Yo, what is going on fam? Hope you're having the best day of your entire life. And if you just came back from the previous video, you are absolutely fucking smashing it. Now you understand level 2, now you understand time reserves, now you understand how to put them together.Now let's do a quick little key takeaway. What do we learn from this? Alright, so the first thing first. Alright, stacked bit.What is stacked bit? Alright, don't try to read the answers yet. Just like, look away from the screen. I'll ask questions and you answer.I'll give you a couple seconds to kind of think every single time, alright? What is stacked bit? Now, stacked bit, I'll give you 2 seconds. 1, 2, alright. Yup, where a lot of buyers are sitting at the same price point, that becomes stacked bit.Then we have stacked ask. What is stacked ask? Yup, you got it. A lot of sellers are sitting at the same price point, that's stacked ask.What is thin bit? Thin bit means no enough buyers, price can just go through. What is thin ask? Not enough sellers, price can just run through. Alright, now, another one is, don't get tricked by huge lot size on bid or ask.Like, I told you, market makers can trick you. They want your god damn money. So, what do we want instead? You know what we want instead? We want to see a few different exchanges sitting at the same price point, because that's how we make money, period.Don't get tricked by huge lot size on bid or ask. It could be a market maker trying to trick you, alright? And I want to add one point somewhere here, okay? The point would be, level 2 in time to sales, you need, if you want to make more than $1000, like $1k a day. Alright, if you understand level 2, you can make more than $1000 a day, consistently.I'm not saying you can't make $1000 anywhere. Consistently, any more than $1000, pretty much requires level 2 in time to sales. And, if you're somewhere, you're like, bro, I didn't get it.Man, I broke it down so easy. If you still don't get it, please reach out to me on Discord. Ask me questions on the Discord channel, alright? Don't get tricked by huge lot size on bid or ask.Could be a market maker tricking you. Next point is, green and red on time to sales do not represent buy or sell. It just represents the direction the stock is ticking at that given time, okay? Now, large buys at or above the ask, if you have large buys happening, all green, level 2 happening, that means there's a strong demand for the upside.Prices can push, but also, we want to see, like, not in the middle of anywhere. Like, in the
middle of anywhere doesn't count. When a strong level breaks, like a strong stacked fucking level breaks, and it breaks towards the upside, you want to see a lot of fucking aggressive buys coming in.You want to see fucking time to sales turn all green, alright? Large sells, strong demand for downside, selling pressure, that means if there's a strong stack right here, price breaks below, then you have thin bids, that means no buys. And also, price falls, that motherfucker, right? That end, we have strong, aggressive sellers coming in, okay? Now, what's the A plus setup here? You know what A plus setup is? We have three things for A plus setup. We need high volume on stock, right? Whatever we're trading, we need high volume.Write this down, by the way. High volume plus clean trend, right? We need a lot of volume, plus we need a clean directional trend, something that you can see, and how does a clean trend starts? When a big level, 60-minute level breaks. And the third point here is most aggressive, most buying and selling or selling pressure, alright? So what did we write here? A plus setup is high volume, when we have a lot of volume on the stock, and it's moving in a clean direction, and there's most amount of most aggressive buyers and sellers coming in.That means every time it kind of dips below, buyers kind of take over and push the price higher. That's called aggressive buyers and aggressive sellers, alright? They push the price higher or lower, depending on whatever it is, alright? I hope the key takeaways about level two made sense to you, alright? In the next video, we're going to go into a little bit deep into bounces and rejects, and how, you know, how you care about them. And meanwhile, you look after yourself, and I will see you in the next one.By the way, hey, by the way, by the way, by the way, by the way, by the way, by the way, hey, I think, personally, I think this is enough for the day. You had enough, this is good, perfect, you did a lot, you learned level two, you learned time to sales, you learned how to put them together, and this is a lot of stuff for your brain to kind of take home within a day. I will recommend, go get yourself a fucking drink, go get a coffee, go grab a beer, you know, go to the park, go for a walk, play with the kids, do something, right? Ring your mom and dad, whatever, right? Do something for rest of the day, go enjoy.You are absolutely fucking smashing it, and I know you're smiling, and your smile is contagious right now, so, alright, I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.
ckr05mibskf3v52lbgugHi, what is going on fam? Um, this is the module recap. Let's do a quick little recap, you know, let's uh, Bounce the ideas back and forth so we understand everything is good So you now know what level two is, you know What level two is level two is the pending equity orders that have not been filled yet, right? What to look for in level two we look for stacked bid stacked ask or thin bid or thin ask That's what we look for and then we looked at the examples with some charts, right? Then we looked at time in sales. What is time in sales time in sales? Every single equity order that has gone through goes in time in sales And then we looked at some time in sales examples and what different types of time in sales are there What different types of time in sales are there? There's two different types aggressive buying aggressive selling Right now when do we need to watch them when we put them together after a strong trend like strong level breaks You want to see a lot of aggressive selling happening, right? Why because the thin bid there will be thin bid and the bar and just sellers are just taking over everything, right? And we looked at some examples so and we learned how to combine them to improve our entries and exits And then what is a bounce and reject we learned about what's a bounce? What's a reject? What is a bounce? What is a reject what happens or what are sort of things that needs to happen? We looked at all sort of stuff, right? And then the last point which we did the criteria the rules the criteria that we need 21 EMA the trend The fibonacci the levels the confluence all sort of stuff On the bounces and rejects they have gotten and we smashed it and then we looked at some of the examples And so it actually made sense.Um, and that's there was a module and we just hey, we smashed this I i'm just proud of you you i'm proud of you. I want I keep fucking pushing That's where I can go. This is how you're gonna get rich i'm telling you So to drive make people rich and you have it, let's go I'll see you in the next module, but not today.Hey go enjoy the drink. Not today I'll see you in the next module. Take it easy. Goodbye. Peace
ckr05mibskf3v52lbgv0Alright, what is going on fam? Hope you're having the best day of your life. Now, we understood what is Fibonacci, right? And how do we use them and everything. Now we need to understand the rules, right? Remember, I spoke to you about the stuff that we need for making this happen, right here.Hourly levels, trendlines, EMAs, Fibonacci, Levels, due times, sales, price action. Now all this is done. Now you understand everything.Now, we need to learn the rules. So first things first, you need to look for the names that are breaking out or are in strong uptrend. If you wanna trade the bounces, you're gonna look for the stock that was very very strong yesterday and it's still holding strong in the pre-market today, okay? When you're trading for a while, you'll understand and also when I'm making the videos every single morning, the pre-market videos that I'm making, I also watch this stuff and if I see something, I always bring them up, right? So scan for the names that are breaking out or in a strong uptrend.Please, please, please don't overcomplicate trading. Once you know which stock is trending crazy. Now, this is the most important rule that we have is the stock should be trading, you see this? The stock should be trading above 21 EMA on one hour chart.One more time, the stock should be trading above 21 EMA on one hour chart, right? Find areas of confluence on hourly chart. It could be a trend line, could be support and resistance level, could be a Fibonacci retracement. Fibonacci, I'll explain how to draw an hourly chart, so don't stress, alright? Our goal is to find the area of confluence, alright? Between 21 EMA, trend line, support, resistance, whatever it is, right? Fib levels, that's our goal to find bounce and reject spots.What are the rules for reject? There was a bounce. Scan for the names that are breaking down or are in the strong downtrend. My bad, downtrend.Please don't overcomplicate trading. The stock should be trading below 21 EMA on one hour chart. I love pre-market movers.My bad, fam, for this one right here. The stock should be breaking down in a strong downtrend. I'm pretty sure you got it.But anyway, no confusion. Let me just fix it up. Stock should be in a strong downtrend with a lot of momentum.Don't overcomplicate trading. Do what everyone's doing. The stock should be trading below 21 EMA on one hour chart and find the areas of confluence on hourly chart, 21 EMA, trend line, support, resistance, Fibonacci retracement, whatever it is, okay? You got the point? The only
most important rule is make sure it's trendy and the second one is make sure it's above or below 21 EMA and the confluence.These are three most important ones, all right? If you got this, sweet. In the next video, we're going to talk about how to execute these trades and with a lot of examples I have for you, all right? Peace. I will see you in the next one.I'm so excited. Let's freaking go. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.
ckr05mijknrlbftps8i0Yo, what is going on? Alright, we're here. Let's look at Fibonacci Retracement Levels. Alright, let's freaking go.Now, what are Fibonacci Retracement Levels? Alright, it works on a theory that after price moves in one direction, clean current, eventually people will take profits and because nothing is going to last forever, right? When it comes down, there will be an area where buyers will be waiting, right? Now, this is considered as a bounce pattern or a buy pattern. Now, everyone would love to know where this B ends at. Like, we all, like, wouldn't it be nice if we are right every single time where this B will be at? Right? Now, so, now, everyone will love, I will love personally, where this B is going to be at, right? Now, all depends on type of trend and also the aggression of the trader and aggression of the trend.So, B can be 0.236, 0.382, 0.5, 0.618, 0.76. They might be like, what the fuck is this? Don't worry. We'll go. We'll try to understand, right? Let's go to the next one.Now, this right here is a strong trend down. You see this? It's like not a strong, strong trend down, but still a trend down, right? From this point onwards to this particular point, we have a decent trend down. So, we put our Fibonacci, literally, we stacked it at the high to the low after this happened.So, let's say on this particular candle and this is not done yet, right? This move happened and we set a Fibonacci because the move started bouncing just to see where it can reject. And we got two levels, 0.236 and 0.382, which are most important. All right, price can either reject here.If it doesn't reject at this particular line, next level, it can reject here, especially because it's a strong move down, okay? Now, what happened? Price is, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever. It went, got rejected, went to the low. Does it make sense? Now, you might be like, oh, how do I start? You start at literally in the direction of the trend.So, you see, oh, it's going down. So, you go down and stop at the bottom, all right? Does it make sense? If it's an uptrend, you go from the bottom to the up and you will have your lines. This is literally it.Now, you're like, bro, where do I find this? In trading view, all right? In trading view, on the side, there'll be options. I'm sure there'll be options somewhere. And yeah, it's quite easy.It's not hard, all right? It's easy. All right, sweet. If you still can't figure out, you know where to find me.All right, next. Why are fib levels so important? Like, I'm just explaining this, how to draw this, pretty much. Don't worry about anything else, all right, right now.Why are fib levels so important? All the big banks, probably they love this. They have algorithms
programmed to buy and sell at these levels. Especially after a strong trend down, these are the levels where the prices can reject, right? Smart money are watching those levels.And if the land is confluent, they're like cherry on the cake. Imagine there's a freaking this level, and then there's a pre-market low, then there's a patient, then there's an ATMA, and then there is a patient scandal at that particular level. Bro, there's so much stuff happening.Of course, I'll be comfortable taking a trade. Like, here's the thing. In stock market, don't try to be unique and do what everyone, just do what everyone's doing.Especially smart money. Do what smart money is doing. Most of the lessons I can teach you, if you want to be successful, don't try to be like unique.If the trend is going up, don't try to fight the trend. If the trend is going down, don't try to fight the trend. That's the most important lesson.If the big banks use all the big, big, big money, use this to trade. This is what we need, all right? Does it make sense? Now, what are the fib levels? Fib levels can be 0.236, 0.382, 0.5, 0.618, 0. this. This is considered a golden ratio, but I don't love them.They're golden shit, fucking poo-poo ratio for me. I love these. I love 0.236. I love 0.382, okay? These are the two of my favorite.Now, let's go to the next chart and let's understand why. How to find fib levels though? Now, you need to identify two levels where the trend started only in the recent action. We don't want to go fucking three years ago.Oh my God, weekly fucking this, this, this. Now, we're day traders. Maybe we don't give a fuck what happened fucking three years ago.Like, what's going to happen today? I'm going to make money today is what I fucking care about. You get my point? So, identify two levels where the trend started only in the recent action to the nearest side. So, the trend started here.Let's say 9.30 at the market open last night. It means yesterday to right now that is 8.45 a.m. Eastern time. All right.All right. So, we had a nice trend starting from 9.30 yesterday, right? And we had a very, very nice trend, clean trend. So, you grab your tool, place your tool here, push it all the way up to the highest point, all right? And leave it there.Okay. You, in the uptrend, start drawing fib from the bottom to high. Why? Because the trend is going up.So, you want to go up as well, dragging it. If it's a downtrend, you go down, all right? To the nearest high. What do you do when you're at the highest? Leave it.
You know what can happen? On your charts, you will have lines 0.236, 0.382. Those are my favorite, absolute fucking favorite. That's how you find fib levels. Boom.Now, what are the levels in this fib the strongest, all right? The most strongest trend will bounce at 0.236. Did I have this? I couldn't find the fucking photo. Someone just explain. The most strongest trend, like, bang, bang, 0.236, all right? It will bounce at 0.236. Then the strong trend will bounce at 3.8, all right? 3, 0.382. Then normal.Now, my money is too valuable to fucking bet at normal. That's why I don't trade this. I reverse it when it's just pretty much done.The most important ones are 0.236 and 0.382, okay? You got it. You know how to draw them now. You understand why we use them.Big banks use them. You know which ones are important. That's all that matters. I'll see you in the next one.
ckr05mkhvd97s52368h0Yo fam, what is going on? This is one of the most important videos to understand how to kind of put this whole thing together, how to play bounces, rejects, now you understand how to play them, now we're going to learn how to execute actual trades, we understand what do we need, everything. All right, now we learn about how do we execute bounces and rejects and you're going to be fucking sexy. All right, how do we execute bounces and rejects right here? Now if you want to see momentum slowing down, like this is one of the most important things, all right, so think about me use this apod as an example, right, if I throw these apods like this, what happens? One more time, watch closely, if I throw them, what happens? There comes a point where it stops, watch again, you see this, it comes a point where it stops, that point where it stops is where the momentum slowing down from the push and then picking up again towards the downside.So, what do you want to see here? You want to see momentum slowing down when stock is approaching your bounce or reject zone, there's a reject, this is reject happening, you see momentum slowing down, there comes a point, it stops, then rejects, if the momentum slows down where the price is approaching in the bounce area, that basically means that the train was moving at a speed and now slowing down for a complete stop before it turns around, right, that's what pretty much it is. Now on level two, at this particular time, on level two, you want to see a lot of buyers, like a lot of bids stacked there, you want to see some sort of stacked bid, not exactly at your level, maybe somewhere around nearby, but you want to see stacked bids, now you know what stacked bids are, right, you want to see some stacked bids, like a lot of fucking bids, and it's a zone where the prices can bounce, it doesn't have to be exact same level, it can be a little bit off here and there, but you want to see a lot of, a lot of fucking buyers, or if it's a reject, you want to see a lot of sellers, right, a stacked ask. Now when people who want to sell have sold, right, price is going down, everyone who wants to sell already have sold, nobody wants to sell no more, now buyers are like, all right, nobody's coming, all right, so we push the stock higher, right, and then the bounce occurs, now it doesn't happen immediately, right, it happens slowly, right, you can understand, price needs to slow down slowly, the momentum slows down, then it stops, then it reverses, all right, and then we need to see if the times and sales around the critical level that we are watching, we want to see times and sales around that particular area, fucking fast, like aggressive buying or selling, whatever we're doing, if we're doing bounce, we want to see aggressive bounce, aggressive buyers, if we're doing reject, we want to see aggressive sellers, right, for rejects, we want to see a thin bid and big ask with some stacking, thin bid simply means nobody's there to stop the price, boom, price drops, bid prices will slowly drop, why, because it's a thin bid, price can just go through, as it fails to eat away the offers, this will cause the stock to pull back, I'm sure this makes sense, please, please, please go over this one more time, pause the video, please go over this one more time, read this, this is important, this is too much money I'm talking about, all right, once you have this in your system man, this is fucking fun, all right, now let's look at some of the examples now, shall we, all right, example number one, now check out this first thing, check out how strong the
price was on day one, like look at this, boom, all the way up, this is where we started the fib, to the highs, we make the fib from the lowest point of yesterday, all right, when for this strategy, from the lowest point of yesterday to the highest point available on the charts, especially after a strong 20 move, so we started the fib at the bottom, lowest point of yesterday to the highest point available, it could be in the pre-market highest point, doesn't matter, highest point available, all right, that's what we want, now it will give us these levels, 0.236, 0.382, all these levels, but these are the only two levels that actually matter, right, does it make sense, and we already saw the 0.236 level is getting respected in the pre-market, right, and also there's a hourly level right here, why one, two, and three times it got respected, now this becomes a zone where the prices can bounce, so what's the zone now, 163.22, this particular level, and 163, this is a zone, right, and if you want to do a breakout towards the upside, you can still do breakout, but this is a zone where the, if the price came down, it can bounce, now let's look at what happened, you want to see the results, boom, look at this, prices went, sure, whatever, right, then it came down, it came down, in our bounce zone, how nicely was the level holding, you see, it slowly came down, slowed down, gave us one patient scandal right here, at our level, but never broke the previous scandal, I never got in, I never got break the previous, boom, broke, phew, see you later, right, do you see the significance of this, we saw level two, very critical, you know, moving the way we want to see, we saw sellers up, everyone just coming in and making a book, all right, now a little tip for you, only look for bounces on fib levels after a strong trendy move the day before, otherwise, keep your focus just on hourly levels, if the day one is not strong, we don't want to trade that, so our main goal is the day one should be strong, so the next day in the morning, we can take the bounce, okay, or day one strong downside, next day, we can take the reject, right, let's look at some of the examples now, what's happening here, strong trend, lowest point to the highest point available, we made it, 0.236, 0.382, done, now we have a confluent, this level already broke, so this level doesn't exist no more, right, and we only play direction of the trend, now this particular level of 21 EMA, and this fib level is a zone, this is a zone, 21 EMA on a hourly chart, and the fib level, this is a zone, all right, you get my point, so now what happened, boom, fib level, dang, look at the market opened, it bounced, boom, now you'd be like, bro, it's too tough to trade this exact, no, we still wait for the patient's candle, we got the patient's candle, entry, another one, boom, another one, bang, you see what I'm saying, this is, hey, are you sure you get what I'm saying right now, all right, this is a $5 push-up, look at this, 168 to 172.5, or 167.5, whatever, $5 move, right, next one, boom, what's happening here, lowest point to the highest point available, 0.5 level was holding yesterday, but in this pre-market which we care about, 0.382 level was holding well, right, you get my point, this level is like, yeah, whatever, it's going up and down, but this level is holding well in the pre-market today, let's see what happened, boom, here was the patient's candle on the exact level, it's 170.72, 170.72, bang, move up, man, this is big, 170.72, and this is trading a one, nearly, nearly, nearly a $1.50 move, all right, these trades have to be executed like snipers, you are buying the absolute weakness if you're buying in that zone, so you should be ready, and better be ready to fucking execute if you're gonna get in this zone, you're gonna wait for the patient's candle, no problem, but you better be ready, because I trade here, all right, because the risk to reward is very good, the stop-loss is right below it, right, stop-loss is
like 10 cents or 15 cents below it, like below the zone, boom, so I'm risking like, what, 30 cents in total to potentially make $1.50, what, that's me risking a dollar to make $5, I do it every single day of the year, because I know this works, right, another one, from here to the highest point available, we got this zone, 0.382, 173.3, and this hourly level right here, right, and 21 EMA as well, so now we have a zone from 172.77 to 173.03, now did it bounce, boom, it bounced in the morning, made a move, came back later, bounced again, bounced again, bounced again, just look at this level, 172.77 to 173.03, the exact level that we were watching, look how crazy freaking respected, you see what I'm saying, like this move is which makes us money, which we love, I love us traders, I love them, right, next one, boom, what do we have here, let's do this, I made a little bit mistake here, this level should be a little bit below this, let's say 177.25 from177.53 to 177.25, and we're in the middle, this is the zone, why, strong move yesterday, pre- market Fibonacci lowest point yesterday to the highest point available, and we have this 177.53 to 177.25 as a zone, you want to see what happened, look at this, 177.25ish nearly, it bounced early morning, yes, then later on it failed, and we got a lot of volume, that makes sense, right, if you work in the morning already, the buyers are already sucked in, if you are in the trade, right, be prepared to stop loss, okay, don't sit there hoping, oh my god, what gonna happen, no, don't sit there hoping, be prepared to stop loss, all right, now next one, look at this, big move happened yesterday, right, big move happened yesterday, days like this when things are just not clear, where you gonna, you know, like do you see anything, like this is way far, this is way far away, when things are just not clear, what's happening, well, people are going to take profits, and when people take profits, the stocks can bounce, and they can bounce quite a lot, which can lead to stock bouncing quite a bit, so we need to be very careful on these days, and these are the days when actually do not just want take a rejection play, even though it might end up working later on in the day, I would not take a trade, the reason is it just didn't look good in the pre-market, and I'll be like, I don't like it, so I won't take a trade, does this make sense, you don't have to always take a trade, if you see something, you know, be like, hey, I don't like this, you know what, I'm gonna just pass, and hey, it works, all right, you're doing very, very good, very good, all right, because this stuff's hard, and this stuff's tough, there's one more video left for you to finish the module, after that, go get yourself, get yourself, go play a video game, go get yourself a drink, go drink a beer, go drink a frisky shot, whatever you want to do, all right, I'll see you in the next one, let's fucking go, I'm so proud of you, come on.
ckr05mkhvd97s52368hgAlright fam what is going on so in this video okay what we need to do this video we're going to go over what do we need for this bounce and reject strategy all right we'll go one by one and we'll see what do we already know and what we don't know so we can go and figure out in the next video how to learn that all right you know hourly levels just nod your head do you know hourly levels you know how to draw them do you know how to go on a line chart draw those levels and then line chart draw those levels and adjust those levels based on the candle wicks and everything you know how to draw hourly levels yes sweet you know trend lines we go on hourly chart again we draw the trend lines on a five minute chart 15 minute chart whatever we draw trend lines we spoke about this sweet you know EMAs you know 8 EMA strategy 21 EMA strategy everything sweet you know Fibonacci retracement levels there's a 0.236 levels then there's do you know them 0.382 then we have 0.5 do you know them no okay let's mark this red all right let's mark this one red for now all right here we go we'll go back to this all right level two in times and sales level two your tape reading skills do you know that you know it will take a little bit of practice but now you understand those sweet this is not done yet you know price just like patient scandals my patient scandal set and how to trade them and the stop loss profit target everything so we know this we know this we know this we know this we know this we just need to know Fibonacci retracement levels and that's exactly what we're going to do in the next video we're going to learn about Fibonacci retracement levels which levels are strong how to draw them how to make them how to do everything with those all right how to use them and how to make money basically all right
cm59k5vpf0ic72qpttu0Yo, yo, yo, yo, all right, what is going on? Hope you're having the best year of your entire life. By the way, I just wanted to fucking let you know, hey, there's another fucking module here, and you are fucking literally killing it. So, you should be so fucking proud of yourself, and in this module, we're gonna go over, you know, those little tiny, teeny bits of details, but this module is actually very important, because you're gonna kind of go over your account management, your psychology, your daily routine, the stuff that's actually gonna make you a better trader moving forward, right? So, I'm just happy that you're smashing everything out, and you're moving towards profitability, because, I don't know if anybody ever told you, but trading is about, they say about trading is 90% psychology and 10% skill.So, so far, we were learning 10% skill. Now, we are going into 90% psychology, because it's all in your mind, man. If your mind's not at peace, you won't be able to make money in trading.See what I'm saying? So, shall we do this? I'm so fucking excited, by the way. Let's go. Hang on, let me move this out of here.So, it doesn't bother us anymore. Let me move myself up at the top. Let's go.All right, so, module overview. What are we gonna do? In this module, we're gonna go over account management in detail. Now, you may ask, what's account management? Account management is, if you have $2,000 in trading account, you need to learn how to manage it.You see what I'm saying? $2,000 can go to $2,500, then go back to $1,500. You see what I'm saying? That's not account management. Account management is like, how are we gonna manage the money that we already have for potential to make big money? You see what I'm saying? So, a lot of, like, that's a risk management, money management, your life management.Everything kind of plays a role in account management. You get it? Then, the next point we have is my trading rules. What are the trading rules that I follow religiously every single day? Now, why should you be following every single day and how to kind of go about it? You see what I'm saying? So, we'll go over that.Then, we go over how to kind of formulate your trading rules. You see, now, I can tell you my trading rules, but you may be a different sort of trader. You get my point? So, you may want to have some different rules, but we'll talk about how to actually formulate your trading rules.You see, so you're like, okay. Oh, yeah, I get it. Now, you're like, alright, you know what? Let me make my own rules because now I know the drill.Right, and then comes how to follow those rules. Now, you formulated those rules. Now, you need to follow those rules.If you don't know how to follow those rules, there's no point of having fucking rules. Now,
there's a lot of traders out there who have like 75,000 rules for themselves, but they do not even follow one of them. So, our goal is to have less rules, but make sure those rules are fucking good.You get my point? Those rules are important because if you want to make money consistently moving forward, you need to follow your rules. If you do not follow your rules, I mean, you know, what's gonna happen? Nothing. And then we go over my daily schedules, activities.What time I wake up? What do I do when I wake up? How do I kind of stay calm in the trade? My schedule, my discipline, my risk management techniques, my life management stuff, you know, all sort of stuff. What sort of food I eat? What sort of things do I like? Now, the reason why I do this is because back in the day when I was starting out, man, I used to have so many questions about how should I kind of start? What should I do? This and that. And I always kind of struggled with learning or knowing what should I do with my day, right? Even now to this day, when I meet somebody who's worth like 100 mil, I'm just like, man, how do you manage your time? How do you manage your day? I'm always curious.I don't know if you are like that, but I'm always curious. What do you do in a day? When you wake up, what's the first thing you do? Alright, you go to the gym. When you come back, how long you take to fucking be awake from your morning? The moment you wake up, the moment you're working, how long? Like I'm always asking questions about it because it still intrigues me how someone like Elon Musk who's at literally at the top, right? He's managing his time and worth 200 billion while somebody who is probably worth 5,000, how is he managing his time? See, everyone has same amount of hours and the guy who makes 5,000 a month probably works harder Compared to what Elon Musk does But how does he make sure that he's doing the smart work and the hard work that always kind of, you know, intrigued I'm like man, how the fuck does that work? So we'll go over my and it took me like long time and my daily schedule my activities that I do took me a long time to kind of master and you can either pick him straight away grab him and move forward or you can kind of you know switch them around this and there's a little bit here and a Make it according to what you think suits your personal life.Should I'm saying I'm so excited. Let's fucking do this Jump to the next video. You're fucking doing amazing.I'm so proud of you. Let's fucking go
cm59k6fgsfls72uqml3gAlright, what is going on fam? Hope you guys are having the best day of your entire life so In this video gonna go over. How can you catch big moves if you want to catch big moves? But still keep your risk profile pretty low like still not risk too much money, but catch big moves What you need to do is roll your positions now What's rolling your positions? Huh? It's the book What's the purpose of rolling a position first rolling? The purpose is very simple to protect your profits from the initial strike. For example, for example Let's say Let's say, you know, I'll give you more example in a minute But the purpose of rolling a position is to just protect your profits from the initial strike.For example, let's say I bought Tesla 7 7 or 50 calls, right? and For all the patients candles and everything. We're right and about I mean, I made 3k profit from this particular trade. I made 3k Okay, but I still think Tesla has more room to go to the next level I still think it right but I want to be there because this momentum strong of I want to be there but rather what I do is this 750 calls That I did made me 3k what I'll do is As soon as this, you know, I see a level I see a big level coming up.I'll sell everything Sell everything boom boom boom boom out. I'll see how the level reacts if a level break straight away Straight away. I don't need to wait for patients again.If the level break straight away critical level, you know what I do I'll go 755 calls and If I did 10 contracts here To make 3k, I'll do 8 contracts What happens when I'm doing 8 contract is even if the trade goes against me Okay, I won't let it go there against me that I lose the entire 3k But my position size was this big now I cut down in half or in like a little bit smaller, right? Why because I want to be able to catch the move to the next level But I'm only risking a little bit lesser than the previous one depending on how much money on a risk I can risk between Sometimes 10% of my total profits or sometimes even 100% of my profits The amount ruled like how much you want to do depends on you as a trader if you're new Rolling is not the best thing that you can do Probably because your account size is small the money needs to be settled next day so you can hold your position But if you have a decent account size Say $5,000 $10,000 instead of you know Holding your original position and letting the 3k profits turn into 1k profits I want you to take profits here Jump into the next strike price because they will be a little bit less expensive and do a little bit less position size on it so you can grow your small account by catching the big move and Now it goes to 755 You look how it kind of goes as soon as it touches a critical level you jump out and If a critical level breaks straight away, you jump in 760 calls, but this time you do six contracts But if it kind of started pulling back a little bit So you wait for a patient scandal and you do six contracts there You see Adam 10 But the goal is do this position size the next one do a little bit smaller the next one do a little bit smaller That's a goal but also the goal is if this is a critical level as soon as it approaches there I'm gonna sell the position that I have and if a level break straight away I don't need to wait for patients can lift the level if the candles are going up like this It breaks straight away as soon as they jump out. I'll jump in the
next one straight away. It broke I'm in the next one so I can catch the move moving forward You see I'm saying but if it rejects if it rejects like this comes rejects a little bit I'll wait for a patient scandal and I'll pace my entry of that.Does it make sense? It's pretty simple Yeah, you see I'm saying pretty simple. This is the whole concept that I'm pretty much using in order to rule my contracts Okay, that's called ruling your contracts. Okay, make sense now For example, I can give you a little bit more example.It could be Let's say this is this this chart. Okay, this is $800 level Okay, there's 800 then we have next level at 8 10 Then we have next level at 8 16 next level is a 825 the next level is a 833 for example, right? I'm just throwing the numbers out there to be honest So what I'll do is if I'm in a position here as soon as it's approaching this 800 And I did Let's say for this particular trade. I did 810 calls because the contracts were expensive So I went a little bit out of the money calls and I made 3k For example, my next level to 8 10 8 16 8 8 25 8 33 the next call strike prices are8 15 8 20 These are strike prices of the option contracts 8 20 8 30.So what I'll do is I am expecting like this the next level I'll see how you know, if it rejects a little bit, I'll wait for the patience kind of a break straight away I'll jump in I made 3k sweet. I'll jump in at 15 calls You see what I'm saying? Now I can kind of risk may I can sometimes risk Like six hundred dollars out of this three 3k 20% what I made or sometimes I can even risk 3k I'm full depending on how strong the stocks look as soon as the level breaks immediately. I'll jump in right As soon as it goes starts going up That's my 810.Let's say this 3k and this this money. I made 2k So 3k plus 2k, I made 5k total on the trade And around here we started seeing a little pullback sweet I'll jump in as soon as it touched my critical level next I go in 820 calls and I'll risk about fifteen hundred dollars Now and see what I'm saying $1,500 from the total profit sweet started going in my favor and this time I did 820 calls Started going in my favor and now on this particular trade because my risk was decent I made about 4k. So 3k 2k 4k.I made 4 to 6 9 K We'll see same thing over and over again. This is called ruling your positions That's why we need to wait for the best trade because the days that you're gonna make money You're gonna be making a lot of money. That's why I want you to go All right, the days when there's no opportunity you should be jumping out of the trades No problem, but the days when there's opportunity you you better be trading for pretty much whole day This is called rolling your contracts.And if you have any questions, you can always ask me in the discord and I'll see you in the next one The next one we'll talk about how should you be choosing strike prices and stuff like that and I'll see you in the next one Bye
cm59k6fpf0ic72qpttv0Alright, what is going on fam? Let's do this, do another video. This video is going to be a little bit short, but hey Let's freaking get this. All right now first things first.Hope you like my hair And I'm hungry. I don't know what to eat All right, we'll figure it out maybe after this video I'm gonna go grab a bite Anyway another issue that I see with traders is People don't know how to set stop losses All right. Now, you know how we enter trades, you know, okay, we look for These are green candles, right and then there's a pullback candle happening and Then we get a pullback on a critical level EMAs We've up whatever is running, right? You get a pullback in so a stop-loss.Our entry is here These are the patient scandals stop-loss is here. So this is the entry This is a stop-loss Don't change it. Keep it this way if the next candle breaks this and Goes down hit your stop-loss get out.Please get out Do not just sit there hoping. All right, this is your stop-loss Don't wait for the candle to close because I've seen candles close like this as soon as it hits you get out. Okay Problems with using percentages stop or some people go.Oh, I want to risk just 20% of my contracts here problem with Percentages stop-losses options are very volatile. They volatile they move up and down very quick Okay, so problem with percentages stop-losses They're very volatile and you don't really do that right instead of setting tighter stop-losses based on 20% drawdown Just reduce your position size Jim said so, you know it for a fact that if you enter here if you enter here and if the stop-loss gets hit You stand to lose $500 and you're like man. I don't want to lose 500.I want to lose just 250 So instead of doing 2k position size you do 1k position size Don't go don't exit early, but just drop your position size based on how wide the stop-loss is you get my point? Drop your position size Based on stop-loss rather than rather than exiting a little bit early and wrecking the whole system system Is there Follow the system. I'll say this one more time. I've said this in the past a lot of times if You cannot follow your system You will always work for someone who follows his system So rather you learn how to follow a system then someone telling you what the system is and you following it So system is there.Please don't change it Otherwise, you're possibly telling you fucker what to do at your workplace and you don't know that you don't want to do that, right? Anyway, now there's two things that you absolutely need Absolutely need in order to succeed You see what I'm saying? now Now the two things that you absolutely need in order to succeed The first one is discipline and second one is trusting the process you need discipline to be able to follow the process You need trust that the system works. I've made so much money over the years fam using this I promise you please please please do not go out there and try to Change the system if there's something needed to be changed. I'll let you know Okay, I'm trying and I'm using the system all
the time from last few years I know I have taken so many trades with this.I know what works what doesn't work and I'm just giving you the source I'm not keeping nothing from you. Okay, you need discipline, which is the first thing The second thing is trusting the system if you can't do that No matter what system I give you you will never be able to succeed Now learn to manage risk first before you focus on potential profit learn how you manage yourself Otherwise you make 4k and then lose 4k. Now, there's no point I'd rather have you make $400 consistently every day and make 100k at the end of the year Then make 4k one day lose 4k then you see what I'm saying Consistency is the game that we are playing here.Never gamble unless you have significant profits to play with Okay, always tell people, you know people go I'm just risking my profits man If I start risking my profits, I'll lose everything because everything that I've built is from profits Okay, only gamble if you're up 10k on the day, you're like man I'm up 10k on the day and this opportunity really looks good. Let me risk 1k of it on a gamble overnight Right, and if you lose the 1k no problem All right, otherwise don't care. I've seen people gamble with their last money It'll be like thousand dollar account left and they have left 400 and the gamble with 400 hoping that they may you know They get better get their account back to do that or move to 2000 don't do that shit.I wait for the proper setup That's all you need to do. Only your only job is to find the proper setup and trade the proper setup everyone Everyone every single person has the ability to become a profitable trader Everybody everybody can be profitable trader, but still 90% 95% of traders lose money. Why? They don't have patience that I have discipline.They don't trust the system The rather work for somebody else so Take it easy man. Just you know, you you gotta follow a system. You gotta follow a system You gotta follow a system.That's pretty much it now What is the correct way of did like what is the correct way of finding risk to reward ratio, right? What's the best way to do that now, I'll give you a few points, okay, that's a correct way to funding We should reward ratio. I'll give you a few points and we'll go over it. Sweet now before entering a trade Like literally go over how much you stand to lose like our strategy with the patient scandals does this it tells you how much you? Stand to lose if this is a candle tells you okay, if this is a candle right here, there's a stop-loss is a There's an entry this is a profit target it tells you okay example, let's say Tesla is trading at 799 for example, right? Tesla is trading a 799.There's a 799 level right here. You're looking for a breakout of 800 Is that 800 this 799 with Tesla is this 800 level and you have a potential of the move can get to a 10 Next hourly level is a 10 You enter at 800 with a stop-loss of 797 798 based on the candle that you get right now, you know for a fact, okay I'm risking about two to three dollars here, but I stand to make ten dollars a hundred to a ten Now the risk to reward makes sense. You're risking two or three dollars to make $10 Of course, you're giving up two to three points to gain ten points of course the risk to reward is in your favor, but if Tesla had a hard resistance sitting at eight or two if the next hourly level is Sitting at eight or two and you're risking now what happens you're risking about
two to three dollars for potential move of two dollars Like the risk to reward does not make sense.So would you do that? Like think about this you are literally giving up two to three points to see a two-point move It doesn't make sense, right? Like what would you do that? So ideal risk to reward is minimum of two to three times if you're risking a dollar you want to make at least two or three back This is the game we plan if you want to stay in the game for long period of time You need to follow it. Otherwise, hey, there's no point you give them a point two to three. That's all you need to do Do it consistently enough.You'll become profitable. You look at riches. Fuck.I have them you doing well, man You're doing good in the next video we'll talk about you know a few pinpoints of what I've learned of if you want to catch big moves what you need to do and I'll see you in the next one. Alright, peace. Goodbye
cm59k6liqrtc72ugvrsgAlright fam, so welcome to another video, hope you guys are having the best fucking day of your entire life again. Now in this video we're gonna go over how should you be sizing your plays, okay. Now first things first man, every single person, I say this before as well, a few videos ago, I'm gonna say this now as well, every person, everyone who's trading has the ability to become a profitable trader.But many don't understand when to size, they just don't, this is like, literally goes over their head, they don't know when to size up, when to keep this position size small. Each day and every day of the week is different, now there might be multiple days with multiple days of rallies, like you know, there's like 5 straight days, every single day we are fucking pushing, the prices are pushing up, and there might be sell offs, multiple day sell offs, and they will give us multiple opportunities to take trade. But there might be days and weeks with lack of definite direction, and many traders are not able to recognise that, definite direction is like not breaking any critical levels, not breaking any hourly levels, and the moment it breaks, it fails, it comes down, it tries to break the lower one, doesn't, it goes sideways, which is chop.Multiple days of trend, multiple days of chop, you get my point? Now, these are the days where you can make a lot of money, you see what I'm saying? These are the days where you can make a lot of money, these are the days when you lose a lot of money. Now depending on whether the market is aligned or misaligned for multiple days moved, doesn't matter if this is the market or this is the market, doesn't matter, alright? You must position yourself to maximise your profits and minimise your losses, every single day. That's a goal, that's a game we plan, alright? Now, there's some rules that I use, which really helps me over the course of years in kind of becoming the trader that I am today.Let's go over them, alright? So, first things first, you need to know when to size up and when to size down, that's one of the most important skills you can learn, period. You need to learn. Now, how do I know? Because each day and each week is different, this is what I know.When multiple day rallies and sells off are happening, I use large position size. When multiple days, you know, are being choppy, I use small position size. You know, you might be like, bro, but how do you know before the day opens you're gonna be choppy? Bro, look at the bigger picture, zoom the fuck out sometimes.People don't know how to zoom out, you see what I'm saying? Now, when the market is in your favour, it's important to take advantage of these opportunities. When price broke $800, and you know this is such a big critical level in the past, every time we touch $800 we sold off, it broke $800, sweet, that's when you know there's possibility that today prices can push. If it push today, next day there's a possibility it can push as well, you know, next day as well.There's multiple days. When the market is in your favour, it's important to take advantage of
those opportunities. But when the market is difficult to trade, like roughly around here, when every time you're breaking and not able to break, simple rule of thumb, let it break $800, then trade.Now, when the market is difficult to trade, it's crucial to size down, just to protect your capital, profits, everything, mental capital, financial capital, emotional capital, spiritual capital, it hurts in every single way possible. This is one of the biggest reasons I think people are not able to survive longer than a year in this game. When there's big level break, when multiple day rallies are happening, you need to use large position size, but when multiple days are being choppy, you need to use small position size.Once you're able to incorporate this single aspect into your account management man, how you're gonna position size, I promise you, you will see the differences in your trading. You will see how losses had affected you in the past and now you are able to control those losses and how fast you're getting rich, period. It's one of the most important things, you need to do it, you do it now or the market will make you do it if you survived.So the goal here is, when big levels are breaking, you know the big moves can happen, keep trading man. And those are the days to size up, but when shit's choppy, stay cashed, alright, you're doing well, keep going, this is all I have for you, in the next video we will literally go over where should you be taking profits or losses, when do you need to take profits or losses. So, it'll be fun.Alright, I'll see you in the next one, peace.
cm59k6npf0ic72qpttvgIFM, what's going on? Hope you're doing well. Hope you're having the best day of your life. It's going to be a very short video.We're going to, we're going to literally discuss, um, how should you be choosing strike prices? One simple rule of thumb that I use and absolutely is one of the best rules ever. Choose a contract, one strike in the money, at the money or one strike out of the money. So you see this option chain, if the stock price is trading at 800, alright, stock price is trading at, let's say 802 for argument's sake, right? 802.These are strike options, strike prices. Okay. Calls, put, for calls we're betting the prices to go up, right? We have strike prices, say 795, 800, 805, 810, 815.So anything below this number that has already been covered is in the money. These strikes are in the money. Okay.Let me change the color. Give me one second. Um, let's go with this one.This one is in the money. Okay. For this particular one, we are, we are betting the stock prices to fall.We're betting the stock prices to fall, right? So what's the number? Everything here is in the money, um, right from here. Yeah. This is in the money pretty much.It's just opposite, man. That's pretty much how it works. Okay.Um, so what's happening here? 802, what's the, um, what's in the money? This 800 is in the money. This is ITM. What's at the money? Just the first one is at the money.What is out of the money? This is out of the money. Just the one after it. These all are out of the money.Just the one after in the money is at the money. So now if you need to choose a contract price, it can strike, um, strike price. It can be in the money.It can be at the money, or it can be out of the money. Just these three do not go further out. If you cannot afford a stock, which is trading here, you shouldn't be trading that stock because let's say you, you say, oh man, they are $6 each.Let me go out of the money. No, you shouldn't. No, no, no, no, no, no.If you can't afford $6 position size on one contract, um, for your trading account, yes, it's too expensive. No, you shouldn't be doing it. Okay.You can either go in the money at the money out of the money, depending on how much
volume we have for those particular contracts. But one rule of thumb that I use is in this, this, or this, that's it. No fuck around period.This, this, no, sorry, this, this, or this, these three, no fuck around. Do you have a point for puts? That's all I need to do. You do that consistently with the strategies that we use.You've been making money period. If you have any questions, let me know in the discord, but you're doing fucking well. Keep going.Hey, you need some appreciation. You know that sometimes you do, you'd be in fucking hustling. You're making moves and I don't know if anybody ever told you, but I'm fucking proud of you.If you're watching this, I'm fucking proud of you. Right? Fucking keep motherfucking going. You got this.
cm59k6vgsfls72uqml40All right, what is going on fam? Hey, welcome back to another video in this video we're gonna go over Why should you have trading rules? I'm, just having my fucking coffee and look at this Fucking good coffee man anyway Anyway, let's get into it. Uh, let me move this out of the way. Let's get into a fam Why should you have trading rules? I told you before.I love this quote man. You should literally have this in your office If you do not have a system in place, you will have to work for someone who does This is the best Now trading rules are important for trader man. It kind of keeps you out of trouble It keeps you out of like stay you stay on a path towards success If you have trading rules if you do not have trading rules the journey Kind of becomes a little bit Shaky, I guess is the better word to say right journey becomes like you.Yeah, you can still get to success But you will learn the lessons the hard way and then you will find rules and then you'll Get to the next level because i'll explain you why i'll explain you why in a minute. All right Now it can help you Like become the trader so you can avoid making the same mistakes over and over again That's why you need a fucking rule now. One of one of the rules could be um for example, let's say every every time every time you go close to a A black dog a dog black color dog You every time you go closer to it It bites first one like any dog black color First one bit you like all right.Fuck second one. You're like still careful You go close the second black dog bite you again. The third one bites you again.Same black dog Now fourth time, you know for a fact I don't want to go close to that fucking black dog doesn't matter if it's not the same Doesn't matter if it's a most playful dog now, you're scared of black dogs or just dogs in general So you make a rule to protect yourself from the mistake? which is why Traders protect themselves from mistakes over and over again now Let me tell you something. All right Let's say you have a business you have the biggest fucking business in the world All right. Now, for example you might You have um For example, you know any but you have a biggest business in the fucking world Or in the city or the town or the state or whatever right and you're fucking dealing with customers all the time Man, you actually if you think about it, you actually do not have freedom like you are responsible for the shareholders You're responsible for this you're answerable to these people now Man stocks and options are literally one of those careers Like one of the only few careers that can actually give you freedom that you need Like if you run a facebook agency facebook ad agency you up you have other people pay you money So that's how you make money Trading is one of the only things that can actually fucking give you actual literal freedom.I mean think about it You have no boss No schedule you can take off whenever you want You can literally you can take a vacation and still be able to make money wherever the fuck you are You're free from the rat race and i've seen And this is one of the confusing things. All right This
is all good. You have all the time in the fucking world, but this is all good Right this side is freedom a lot of fucking freedom But you see where people go wrong.I have seen a lot of times people confuse this freedom You know what they confuse you with they confuse this freedom With not putting in time Think about this They think oh I have freedom. I don't need to put in time You know what happens then? Then what starts happening is once you have the freedom And you stop putting in time then you slowly start giving away your freedom, but it doesn't happen on the on the top But your system falls apart your Shit falls apart and you're not even there to kind of know that it fell apart because you're not giving it enough time You still need to put in time in the game Okay, as I said, if you do not have a system in place, you'll always work for someone who does Trading rules are very very important. You see what i'm saying? Like you're important for everything Everything that you can do.Okay now Literally A lot of people think a lot of people think Like this this is one of the Man, i'm talking literally facts right now All right A lot of people think trading rules has to be very very unique and there's some hidden secret But i'm here to tell this is actually not the case. You need to have trading rules that go like pretty much goes with your Psychological attributes of traders so you can become consistently profitable trader My trading rules are simple and we'll talk about in coming videos, but my trading rules are very simple I only have two trading rules. That's me in general You might need to have few more trading rules.Like for example, one of the rules could be sell at the stop-loss I never had a problem with that recently three four years. I never have a problem with Not selling at the stop-loss if it hit my stop-loss I get out if you have that problem You need to worry about it. I don't have a problem with letting my runners run for the last three four years I'm letting my runners run if I see there's juice in the game.I must stay in the trade You see what i'm saying, so what a lot of people do is They think oh now I can use his trading rules and I can become the fucking trade that I want That I want to become no You might have a problem with some other stuff and I do not have problems with those so I don't have a rule for that If the fucking black dog doesn't bite me man. I don't i'm not gonna have a rule that or be careful of the black dogs See what i'm saying My rule might be totally different to yours But fucking if I don't have a rule that black dog not gonna buy me no need to be careful And you don't have the rule you fucking get bitten by a black dog again, bro Why because you didn't have a fucking rule of yours. All right, so i'm gonna teach you how to fucking make your rules All right, so you can fucking learn and i'm as we go along i'm fucking giving you enough examples I think it's helping you out All right in the next video we're gonna literally break down what's the difference between a noob trader and Pro trader, okay We'll go over that stuff in the next video.I'll see you then and meanwhile Cheers to the coffee, man Fuck yeah, ifm, please see you soon
cmv1a0iq9n7s72sd78cgAlright, hope you're doing well. Hope you like my hair. Man, my hair today looks just perfect.Look how beautiful they look. Literally, I came out of the pool. It was like about 38 degrees celsius.That's roughly about 98 degree, 99. It was so hot today man. And I was jumping in the pool, came out and had a quick shower and I just did this with my hair.Push my hair back and it's now natural. Look how beautiful I fucking look. Hey, if you do not have hair, I'm so sorry.I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to you know, just say my hair is so thick. If you're bald, I'm sorry man.Alright, no disrespect but yeah, it is what it is. Alright, successful traders follow a system. What system do they follow? Now trading is chaos.It's total chaos. Back to the serious mode where trading is chaos. Every aspect is chaotic. Everything. Everything about trading is chaotic. Everything about trading is messy.Alright, now what amateur traders try to fix, like when they try to fix this, they rely on their feelings. They take the trade when they feel like it. They enter a trade when they feel like it.They let emotions control the entries and exits. Even with LTP framework, some of you, bro, enter when you feel like it. You exit when you feel like taking the trade.You pick and choose the LTP frameworks. If the framework is working, you're not the one to pick and choose. You trade.You're the one to trade. You're the one to execute. Stop thinking.You know how professional traders do? Bro, we have a system. We have rules for everything. We have developed a structure and process that you will use to guide us as a literal trading system and I taught you the system.For example, we have rules for when to trade, when not to trade, stock selection, how to enter a position, how to manage a trade, rules about analysis and exiting a trade. We have a rule for everything. We have rules for when to trade.When should we trade? When the trend is there. When not to trade, when it's close to 200 moving average on a 5 minute chart or 10 minute chart or 200 moving average on a 60 minute chart. Stock selection, look for the most relative strength or relative weakness.
How to enter a position? Wait for the patient scandal after the trend is there. How to manage a trade? Take some profits at the high of the day. Stop loss is right here.Rules for analysis. The three quotients about journals that we write. Why did I enter? Why did I exit? What would I do better next time? Exiting a trade.How to exit? Every hourly level, we keep taking a little bit profits, profits, profits. We have a system. Follow the system.Why are you thinking about the system even though you have a system? Doesn't make sense, does it? No, it doesn't. We have a system. Follow the system.Don't do anything special. Don't try to oversmart or be outsmarting the system. No point.What's the point? System tells you get out, you get out. System tells you jump in, you jump in. Wasn't it the goal of trading to just make you portloads of money? You're going to make portloads of money by following a system.So why keep changing the system? Why keep thinking that you do not need a system? Why keep thinking that you're a special one? Why keep thinking I don't like this particular trade that is a part of the system? Does it make sense? No, it doesn't. So follow a system. Trading is chaotic, but you need to be mindful.More chaos that we have in our lives, more relaxed you need to be. That's how trading works. There's no other way.Do you get my point? All right, sweet. What are we going to do? Follow a system. That's it. All right, let's fucking go.
cmv1a0mmphas72sn3p20All right, what is going on hope you're doing well in this video We're gonna go over the next habit that a lot of successful traders have or everybody have is they approach each and every trade with a clear head Period let me ask you a question if you flip a coin for 99 times and every time it lands on tails What is the probability of hundredth flip be tails or heads? Let's say one more time Let's say if you flip a coin for 99 times Every time it lands on tails. What's a probability of hundredth coin flip? being heads or tails the wild answer is 50 freaking 50 because the hundredth coin toss and absolutely no relation with the previous 99 coin tosses Similarly for trading the outcome of every new trade has no relationship with the previous trades Zero, you took a patient scandal setup. It didn't work.That doesn't mean the next one not gonna work You see them then has zero but we do not move forward like that's Amateur traders approach trading to carry forward their feeding from the previous trade to the next trade If they have five green trades in a row, they get overconfident and take bigger risks Have you done it we hear where you won money for five trades in a row next trade you jump in a little bit bigger position size because you're overconfident and And If you have five losing trades in a row your confidence shakes and you start doubting yourself and you start doubting the system and you start Doubting the market you start thinking the market is rigged you start thinking Somebody's out there to get your money some you start thinking our market makers out there to get your money and shit like that What does that happen? You know why that happens? That only the only reason that I can literally tell you here is because you approach the next trade with the previous mindset Every single trade is a new trade. Why don't we approach it that way? Wouldn't it be easier? On yourself like on your brain Every single trade is a new trade. I know it's tough.That's why Because it's tough. That's why not a lot of people make money if it was easy every single one Whatever, right if it was easy, everyone would be a millionaire and loaf of bread would cost you a million dollars because inflation If everyone is rich This coffee gonna cost me probably $300 for a cup Cost me about now what? 50 cents right now See them then so approach every single trade with a new mindset. It's okay Whatever happened in the previous trade that does not have any relationship with the next rate All right.Just remember this quick little You could toss the coin for 99 times every time it lands on Lens on fucking tails. That does not mean the hundredth one gonna land on tails as well. It's 50-50 All right approach every trade with a new fixed mindset.That's it. Keep going. Keep pushing I'm so fucking proud of you. You're almost there. Let's go
cmv1a02q9n7s72sd78bgAlright, what is going on? Welcome back to another video. In this video, we're going to go over another habit that a lot of successful traders have and that is they only focus on things that they can control. Focus on their circle of control.Just focus on your circle of control. Stop worrying about shit that is outside the circle. What I mean by that is, you could be worried that in my rain today, but you and you're like, oh man, I'll get wet in the rain.But that's not in your control. You cannot control the rain. The only thing you can control is taking a fucking umbrella and preparing yourself for rain.So you do not get wet. What can you control here? So anything that in your life that you're trying to worry about, think of like, okay, this is a problem. Can I fix it? No.Okay, who can fix this? Alright, I can fix this by getting an umbrella. Alright, so what do I need? Umbrella. What happens? This problem is fixed.You get my point? Another one would be having a coffee. You want to have a coffee? Okay, you want to have a coffee? That's a problem right now. Do you know how to make coffee? No.Okay, do you have time? No. Do you have anybody at home who can make you coffee? No. Alright, take your phone, order online.Problem fixed. You get my point? Everything. Everything in your life, worry about things that you can't fucking control.If you can't control it, bro, why the fuck are you worried about it? By just focusing on your circle of control, we can release a ton of pressure from our lives. Bro, people are worried about shit like, um, like some of the craziest things they're worried about. Oh my god, like, right, you know, the best example that I'll give you is, I just washed my car.I just washed my car, it's gonna rain today. Oh man, I wish my- Bro, is it in your control? No, stop worrying about it. Oh, I broke my fucking phone screen.Um, how did you break it? Oh, I didn't have a card. Okay, is it in your control? Yes. Next time, have a fucking card.You get my point? Oh, my internet cut down. Alright, your internet's fucking not working. Is it in your control? No.But what's in your control? Giving a call to the fucking motherfuckers. Give a call. Why? So what's in your control? Worry about it.Why are you worried about stuff that you cannot control? You see what I'm saying? I know it's
stressful. Sometimes it is stressful, but if you can't control it, there's no point in worrying about it. You see what I'm saying? Just write it down on a piece of paper and put it out in the universe.This is what I do sometimes. Whenever I'm doing a brain dump, I'm looking for stuff that is not in my control. And the stuff that is not in my control, you know what I do? I literally write a little star next to them, a little hashtag next to them.And I just literally say it out loud and I put it out in the universe. I'm like, that's it. It's your problem now.Let me worry about the stuff that I can't control. You see what I'm saying? Some traders, like this goes in trading, man. Amateur traders worry too much about, you know, by the way, this is what the flash looks like, okay, from the last video.I think five minutes are done. Anyway, same goes in trading. Amateurs worry too much about how would the trade work out? Will I make money? I can't afford to lose money.They fail to understand trading is only a probability game. It's not in our control. We don't know if you're going to work out or not.Take the trade. Stop thinking, what if it didn't work? It's not in our control. The only thing that's in our control is literally when to trade, when not to trade, focus on your circle of control.How much position should I jump in? When to enter the trade? When to add into this position? All sort of stuff. If it's not in your control, why the fuck you worried about it? Because successful traders just focus on this circle of control, all right? Professional traders focus on the circle of control, such as when to trade, when to add into a position, when to get out of a position. That's what I taught you in the system.What to look for when you're jumping into a trade? You need to look for a trend. Once the trend is there, what else do you need to look for? You have a trend, what next? Let me look for if it broke the pre-market high or not, or stuff, whatever you look for to jump into a trade. Broke the pre-market high, all right.Is that a patient scandal? No. Let's wait for a patient scandal. Boom.Bro, when to trade, when not to trade, when to add into a position, when to get out of a position, everything I already taught you. So worry about stuff that you can control. Stop worrying about shit you can't control.You get my point? You want to make money, this is important. This goes in everything and anything in your life as well, not just trading, all right? Anything in your life that you worried about, let's say you broke your wife's favorite fucking coffee cup. What can you do? It's not in your control now.Too late. Next time, just don't use her fucking cup. You see what I'm saying? Like I know I have
a very big habit of just break.I somehow, I drink so much coffee, I somehow break coffee cups. I don't know how, because, yeah, I don't know. I don't know why.It just always, always just slips out of my hand. Yeah, it just, you know, it's either too hot or my, oh shit, I burn my hand and I drop the coffee. So what do I do? I bought these paper cups from Amazon.Drop it. No problem. Drop it.Just clean the coffee. That's all. Problem solved.Things you can control, worry about that, nothing else. Hey, you got this, man. Let's fucking go. Get to the next one now. Keep going.
cmv1bjkhnk6s72th26g0All right, what is going on? So this is habit number seven, which is common in every single successful trader that I talk to. They constantly learn and they constantly adapt to the market. What do I mean by that? So if you do not know who's Howard Gardner, Howard Gardner says, if you think education is expensive, like this is this literally goes to some of the traders from Instagram who were like, oh, yeah, no, no, no, Casey, you too expensive.I'll tell you a story. This dude, he sent me a message like, do you want me to pay this much money for this? No, fuck you. Like, no problem.And then he texted me three days later, he's like, bro, I should have joined. I lost $40,000 or 20. I'm not exactly.But yeah, it was like five figures. It was like perfect, perfect, perfect for him. I didn't reply.But if you think education is expensive, try estimating the cost of ignorance. Ignorance is expensive in trading because there's money on the line in every single fucking trade. Every single trade, there's money on the line.If you think education is expensive, try estimate like every single year that you do not. Let's say, let's say you make $50,000, right? Let's say you make $50,000 a year. Every single year that you do not learn how to make a million dollars, you are losing 950K.That's, you know what that's called? That's ignorance debt. Every single year that I do not learn myself to make $10 million, I'm losing the rest of the money. I'm losing that.That's ignorance debt because I'm not investing money in myself to get to the next level. Ignorance is expensive in our life, in our trading because there's money on the line in every trade. Amateur traders get comfortable with one style of trading.If they started making money from one strategy, they think they have discovered a goldmine. You got to keep refining yourself. The strategy is going to keep refining itself automatically.Successful traders on the other side know the stock market is continuously evolving. They know one strategy, one technique, one setup cannot work forever. That's why LTP is not a strategy.I never say LTP is a strategy. What do I say? LTP is a system. Systems hardly ever change.It's a system. Over time, it will get better and better and better and better because your ability to execute will get better and better. You'll start refining yourself and it will get better and better.You see what I'm saying? They constantly thrive to learn new strategies and backtest and review charts every single day. They invest time, money and knowledge in getting as much
wisdom as they can get like you are doing right now. You see what I'm saying? I know you will be successful.You know why? Because you paid money to be here. You're listening to this video. Pro, you're top 1% of the traders already because you know that you need to keep learning.And if you're watching this video, you are better than fucking 78% of the people. 78% of people will never get to this video. It's just statistics.Only 22% of the people actually watch the course that they buy. Scary number, man. It's scary.And I can confirm that. So if you're watching it from the top 1%, you're top 0.1% pretty much right now because you want to learn. You're investing time, money, energy and knowledge in this.So I'm fucking proud of you. Alright? Push your hand out. Go to your hand out. Give me your hand. Pat on your back. Literally.Pat on your shoulder. I'm proud of you. Just all the way. Alright? Go. Right now. Go.You got it. Now what are the 7 habits that we need to literally adopt? ASAP. Number 1, patience.Number 2, focus on your circle of control. Number 3, plan your exits before you even enter. Number 4, analytics are more important than just journaling for no fucking reason.Number 5, follow a system. Number 6, have a clear head after every trade. Number 7, constantly learn and keep changing and keep evolving yourself.Alright? That's how you're going to make money. Keep pushing. I'm so proud of you. You're almost there. Let's fucking go. I'm so proud of you.Let's go.
cmv1kv2q9n7s72sd78igAlright, what is going on you beautiful motherfucker? In this quick little video, we're going to just do a quick little module recap, the stuff that we discussed. So the first thing that we went over was introduction to risk management. What actually is risk management? We went over everything, right? So we know what actually risk management is, right? And then we went over how to create a risk management plan, the sort of things that you need in order to create a risk management plan.So you know actually how do you know how much to lose money and how much so you can make money and kind of stuff like that. Then we went over trading psychology, we went really deep into it. Like we went over how to master your mind, the stuff like how to actually control your mind, some of the habits of highly successful traders that I know, right? Then we went over emotions that everybody faces in their trading and how can we control them.And then we went over finding a balance between fear, hope, greed in the market. And when you actually have the balance, you can make as much money as you want. And then we went to a quick little, you know, wrap up of the module, which was the previous video than this 13.20, I think.And you're killing it. Let's fucking go. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Let's go. Keep going.Keep pushing. I'm proud of you. Just know that. All right. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.
cmv1kv6mphas72sn3p7gAll right, what is going on fam welcome back to another video and we about to just like wrap up this Module, um, I know this module went for a little bit long like this was a long module and you smashed it So in this little video We're gonna go over a little bit of wrap up of what we discussed and kind of put everything together in like two or three four points Now what is trading psychology trading psychology deals with your mental being your brain your emotions as a trader All right Now if your brain is kind of in a better spot It kind of gives you puts you in a better spot to take better trades. All right, it influences your behavior it influences your um What you're gonna do and how you're gonna jump into a trade how you're gonna get out of a trade and how you trade It touches on your discipline on your risk taking because when you uh, when your brain is calm You have discipline and you are risking the amount of money that you are you can afford to lose But when your brain is like hyperactive and your brain's like trying to go in a revenge mode what happens you're not disciplined And you're not actually following your risk management plan and you're jumping into big position sizes because you want to make the money back Which which sometimes or most of the time leads to bigger losses? So trading psychology is the reason why you jump into trades and it's so important To have a actual normal emotions and good position sizing and good trade psychology To control everything kind of that goes into this man your brain You don't realize your mind plays a big role in your success at trading In the long term if you want to make money man your brain most important Understanding how you trade and what you think about trading at a certain times of the day is so important now think about it Let's say you just took a loss, okay, let's say you took a loss you took a big loss How you kind of think about trading at that given moment gonna define if you're gonna stay in the market or not? If you think oh, let me fucking prove to the market who's the boss. You're not gonna be long around But if you think oh, you know what? It's okay.I fucked up. Let me just take a little moment to reset myself And I'll come back tomorrow You get my point How you think about trading at any given time after a trade? Is literally more important than your skills and knowledge as a trader if you took a loss and you've been trading for 10 years man, and if you took a loss and you cannot control your emotions for The next particular trade because next trade is more important than any anything else It's always one good trade at a time Just one bro one good trade at a time one high probability trade at a time. That's all one LTP at a time That's it.You see them then because There's only two type of emotions greed and fear. That's literally it. Let's talk about two Big big emotions greed it it can make a trader to stay in a position for too long because you want to make every single cent Every single cent that you want to make money and you want to make the money for yourself You jump you jumped in at 100 and you know, it's 104.You're like, oh my god. Yeah I'm up so much now. I should take some profits.
You know what? No It can go to 105. What if it turns around take some profits? But you need to be a little bit greedy. If you're not greedy, you will sell a hundred 110 Because you're not greedy.Oh, yeah. No, no, i'm too i'm happy Because which means fear it's opposite of greed when it comes to trading it's the reason why people sell too early to cut or Um, they want to cut their losses easy and they don't want to take extra risk So it's like this This is greed This is fear And this is where the profitability is pretty much That's how it works So greed fear profitability You need to be a little bit greedy You want to be a little bit greedy so you can let your runners run But you want to be a little bit fearful so you do not jump into a big position size, which you cannot control So I always tell everybody that you need to be a little bit greedy and at the same time you need to be a little bit fearful That's how you make money That's how you'll be able to control your emotions. You see what i'm saying? So freaking important Now just to wrap up this um trading psychology habits and everything that we did As a trader you need to understand your emotions and mindset They can help you they can either help you become a trader or help you break it as a trader Okay, you need to understand your emotions and mindset.They can help you identify when you're most prone To acting irrationally like for personally me anytime that I take a big loss more than ten thousand dollars That's when I fuck up big. I fuck up big Every single time in the past Last year when I was down ten thousand and I kept trading I walked away with down more than 30k on the day I wanted to go away at ten thousand Every single time i'm down ten thousand. I cannot control my emotions for some reason.So what do I do? Now I have a simple rule that says if you're down ten thousand call run away walk away Enjoy your day You just lost ten thousand. You can't really enjoy it too much. But at the end of the day fam You can't do too much.It's not in your control You took high probability trades. It's not in your control if the trade is going to work or not All right, because psychology And the stock market they're very very closely related to each other This is how trading works period Longer it takes you to understand this less money you're gonna make If you have a beautiful psychology for the day and you're winning on the day stock market is going to help you even make more money All right The way the game works If your stock if your brain's fucked on the day You probably are going to lose a lot of money because the market is going to fuck you up even more You just kind of think of it as a magnifying glass It just magnifies you whatever's happening in your brain, it just gives you even bigger You um a beautiful like a beautiful fucking day beautiful mindset You're gonna just make it even more beautiful. You're having a miserable day.You're gonna make it even more miserable Right a successful trade is learned to manage the emotions Even when everyone is losing it That's what we learn how you need to create a set of rules and then you need to stick to those rules so simple consistently Make some rules stick to those rules. My rule is create a plan and trade the plan That's it plan the trade trade the plan. This is my rule That means plan the trade wait for the patience candle.
That's the plan And then trade the plan. I lay out my decisions in advance. This is my entry.This is my exit. This is my profit target And you know what that does that removes any emotions that I can get from trading this is literally the key You need to know where your entry is. You need to know where your profit target is You need to know where your stop loss is.This is the key to make money So what's the key you must follow the rules people make rules, but they do not know how to follow them You must follow the rules and do not have 10 000 rules because you your brain does not cannot remember 10 000 rules So no make two or three rules man Just follow the two and three rules. That's all Do not allow greed emotions kind of get into your trading plan Your predetermined goals the stuff that you that you know that you should be doing, right? Do not let your emotions get into the way Did you get my point? Because that's just sabotage That's just Don't let emotions greed fear Kind of take over You know where your entry is, you know where your stop loss is, you know where your exit is Why the fuck would you let any emotions kind of get in the way? or something other than your main thing to You know Like ruin everything why? because There's a this beautiful thing There's a beautiful quote. Um by michael jordan Michael jordan says Don't worry about it.You know what that means Somebody asked him he missed it. He missed a shot and his team lost because of that. Um, I saw a little reel one day and he said don't worry about it Like what do you mean like why why why should I think about a shot? I'm, not exactly quoting him something.He said like that. Why should I think about a shot that I know i'll take again I was like damn That's so deep Why worry about a shot that I know i'll take again So I kind of put that in my training as long as I know I Entered the trade with good Reasoning good intentions. Don't worry about it Don't worry about it as long as soon as as long as you know that you entered the trade because the trend was there Level, you know, beautiful level was breaking Um, the ltp framework was there the patient's handle was there and it doesn't work.Don't worry about it Take as long as you know With your profit target and stop losses and your stop loss get triggered, but the trade was high probability Don't worry about it. Just stick to the plan follow strict set of rules And everything else just don't worry about it All right. Sometimes your brain will literally give you a little little signal like you'll get this gut feeling.I shouldn't take this trade But don't worry about it. Don't take it You should but if you don't want to Nobody has a gun on your head. Don't worry about it You see what i'm saying? Just don't worry about shit.That's it What would you think about a shot that you know that? Um, why would you think about a trade that you know that you'll take again? You just lost money on patient's candle Why worry about a trade that you know, you'll take again? You you get my point See what i'm saying? Why worry about it? That's it man You're doing fucking well. I'm proud of you I'm genuinely am i'm not just saying it i'm proud of you if you're watching this video right now I just
want to let you know I'm fucking proud of you It's not easy Keep going every single day putting time in It's not easy. Maybe it's a weekend.Maybe it's a work day You came back from work and you just you know Instead of watching netflix you're watching this I'm proud of you You're gonna pay one day I promise you that as well I'm betting on you just know All right I don't know where you live I don't know your real name I don't know if you're sitting on a couch right now I don't know if you're sitting on a chair right now I don't know what color clothes you're wearing right now Only thing that I know Is I want to see you win and i'm rooting for you I am rooting for you I'm betting my money on you if you're watching this man I'll bet my money on you because you're a fucking winner So keep going So proud of you Let's fucking go
cmv19vumphas72sn3p10All right, what is going on everybody? Hope you guys are doing well. Hope you're doing well. In this video, we're going to go over the first very fucking important habit that every profitable trader that I personally know have.Every single one, not even one person said this is not their habit. All right. And if everybody has a common man, it must be freaking true.You see what I'm So the first habit is successful traders wait patiently for the trade come to them. Let me tell you actually one little story. Okay, a lot of people think like this one big misconception among people is, I already know it.It's too common. But the most cliche, you know, the most cliche things are often ignored by most people. And oftentimes, the most simplistic things, the more simple they are more easy.They are more, you know, where everybody hears them everywhere. More people do not actually follow it in real life. That's actually a fact.I'm not bullshitting right now. Right? More simply looks more people gonna just ignore it. Just the way that things work.So because everybody knows that they need to be patiently waiting to actually let the trade to come to them, they actually do not wait at all. They know they think, oh, yeah, I already know it. Because here's the thing, man, Warren Buffett, the dude, bro, the dude who literally went from freaking zero to 100 fucking billion.He goes, stock market is a device from transferring money from the impatient to patient. Now think about it for a minute, right? If you do not have patience to wait for the setup to kind of set up and then you jump into a trade, what would you do? You would enter a little bit early on the trade. When you enter early, that means the trade wasn't actually fully there.That means you will take a loss. When you take a loss, what happens? Then you look for another reason to jump into a trade because you want to make the money back. And that reason often doesn't work.And what happens? You try one more time, and that doesn't work. You try one more time, that doesn't work. What happens? You eventually blow your trading account, right? Because you get into this little downward spiral, the tilt started, and you blow your account.So, bro, stock market, it's designed for people who do not have patience. And most amount of people do not have patience. So stock market is a device for transferring wealth from impatient to patient.And oftentimes you will see, even in the movies, the rich people, more richer they are, more
patient they are. It's just the way things work. Even in any movie that you kind of fucking see, more patient they are, more richer they are.And people who are not rich at all, they do not have any patience. Because those people who wait for the trade to come to them, your trade, your patient scandal, doesn't matter how fucking strong the stock is pushing up, it's pushing since morning, doesn't fucking matter at all. Your trade, your reason for you to jump into a trade is more important than anything.And your reason to jump into a trade is literally, literally, literally, bro, is patient scandal. If you get a patient scandal after 10 green candles, you got to wait for the fucking 10 green candles and get your patient scandal. That is okay.You see what I'm saying? The people who wait for the trade to come to them, they make a lot of fucking money. Whereas amateur traders just cannot wait for the trade to come to them. They keep chasing.They're like, bro, it's working. Oh my God, there's a patient scandal setting up on a 30 second chart. Let me jump in.Bro, that's not how we trade. We trade first half an hour on a two minute chart, then one hour on a five minute chart, and then 10 minutes, 10 minute chart, we go rest of the day. But bro, you need to wait for your setup.If you cannot wait, man, somebody is willing to wait and they're going to take your money, period. If you cannot follow these habits, somebody else is following them. Professional traders do not trade for fun.Man, I do not trade for fun. Do you think I trade for fun? I do not like trading. I do not love trading, period.I don't trade for fun. Trading is boring to me. It's one of the most boring thing that I've ever done.The reason, because the money that you already have in your pocket, the money that you already have in your pocket, you're risking that money to potentially make more money. How's that fun? How's that exciting? It's a business. It's something that gives me cash that I can use the cash to make big things.That's why I trade. I do not trade for fun. I trade because I know for a fact if I make $100,000 in this particular month, I can use the $100,000, put 10% deposit down on the next building that I want to buy, on the next real estate house that I want to buy.I can control up to a million dollars property or $500,000 to a million dollars property with the$100,000. You see what I'm saying? Professional traders, I trade because I like to build wealth. I trade because I love money.
I do not spend my profits. I don't spend my profits. I reinvest my profits into wealth building assets and those assets give me a cash flow and I spend that cash flow.That's how I live. So do you think if I stop trading today, the things that I've already built, the wealth, the money's already coming in? You see what I'm saying? But I want to trade the risk, the money that I already have in my pocket to potentially make. Potentially is a keyword.Potentially, maybe I'll make, maybe I won't to make more money. It's a business for me. Sometimes I make money, sometimes I lose money.It's a business, but over a long period of time, I will make money because it's a business. I know the statistics work, but you need to trade like a robot. Now, when I say robot, I do not mean that don't have any emotions.Of course you'll have emotions, but you need to trade with your emotions and still be a fucking robot. You've got to wait for the opportunity to come to you instead of just taking trades in the middle of fucking nowhere. You've got to wait for the reason to jump in.You've got to wait for a reason to jump out. Period. You cannot be emotional, all emotional into the fucking market and keep chasing.Let me jump in here. Let me jump in there. Let me jump in there.Bro, you're trying too many bloody things. Ain't going to work. You see what I'm saying? Professional traders don't trade for fun.They treat it like a business. They trade like a robot. They wait for the opportunities and trades to come to them.All right. You have seen me for hours. Sometimes I sit down and wait for my setup to set up. My system to work. My stop loss hasn't been hit. I do not get out early.My system works over a long period of time. My system will work. That's what I love about it.I keep doing, keep doing, keep doing the same thing over and over and over and over again and over again and over again. I will make money. That's my fucking mindset.You get my point? All right. So I know it's one of the most simple things, but you need to patiently wait for the trade to come to you. All right.You need to patiently sit there. Just chill. Play chess. Play chess. Best thing. Play chess.Watch Netflix if you have to, man. Go buy a fucking iPad. Spend like $1,000 on an iPad.
You'll make more money in trading than $1,000 by just watching the iPad Netflix while you're trading. Why? Because your brain is occupied with that stuff, so you'll be able to patiently wait for the trade to come to you. Every five minutes, 10 minutes, just add a little reminder on your phone.And this little thing. So you press the button right here. It just comes up. What does it come? Five minutes. Press play. Boom.So every five minutes, this blinks. I look at the market. This is how I trade. You just need to do this. Look. I'll stop it.Press a button like this, and it starts the five-minute timer straight away. The best thing. The best thing you could buy.I think it's called Rotation Countdown Timer, Kitchen Timer by Inkbird from Amazon. And it's a USB-C. You can just charge it and keep it on your desk.Best. You know what I'm saying? Every five minutes, it blinks. It just starts flashing. And you look at the market. You're like, oh, nothing's setting up. Another five minutes. Oh, nothing's setting up. Works. It fucking works.It just do. So if it works, don't change it. Keep doing it.All right? Patiently wait for your setups, because that's where the money is. All right? You got this. Let's go.
cn5kkghcmgfc72r4pjegAll right, all right, all right. Let's get everybody in. All right. And we're on. Boom. All right, there we are.Okay, thanks. All right. What is going on, everybody? All right, we're here.What's going on, everyone? Can you all hear me? Do a thumbs up. All right, sorry. How was the weekend? First things first.How was the weekend? How's everybody doing? Restful. Nice. All right. All right. All right. Let's get it done.I'm trying to secure the bag. So the review of last week went fast as always. Yeah.We can always go as fucking do quick. And what about your trading? Everybody got an hour out of their busy weekend to go over the mistakes, the fucked up things that they did in the past this past week. Who hasn't seen me? Like who's turning up to a new week just the way he closed the Friday.The day he was on Friday, the moment he walked away is the same person going back to Monday. Everybody did it. I don't fucking believe it.But all right. I believe you. All right.Personally, personally, fam, I haven't done it yet. I've been moving some stuff. Yeah.I've been doing a little bit of a house move. The stuff that I cannot. The stuff that I cannot trust.OK, it's not about trust, but the stuff that I know that I can be more careful with. You know, I've been trying to move myself. Yeah.I like the new house, man. It's small. It's like it's just what I need. No fancy stuff. Nothing. Just that's it.All right. So today we are going to go over trends. OK, but first things first, welcome to a new call, weekly magic call.That's that's what I like to call them these days. OK, share my screen. Let me know if you see my screen.It should work. OK. All right.Weekly magic call. The reason why the reason I like to call a magic call is because I promise you,
if you do everything we call within these workshops, you should start making money. Now here's the thing.There's a quote that I heard over the weekend and absolutely blew my mind. It goes, making money can't be taught, but it can be learned. I can come here and teach you guys, preach what sort of things that you should be doing.I can come here and start, you know, like you can do the whole KCU plus times 10, you know, 10 times the amount of education that we have in KCU. You can do that. But if you do not want to learn, there's no point in me teaching.At the end of the day, it's all about acceptance. The acceptance that everything that you knew before KCU was wrong. Like some of you guys have very hard time with this.And I get it. You're still stuck in your old ways. You still think the old ways work.Or because I did the, remember everybody I did the feedback form, asked you guys, what do you like about KCU? What do you don't like about KCU? And the sort of things that we can change in KCU to make it even better. And there, I was not, I was not expecting, but there's a couple of responses out of total, which were, it was like, all right, all right, all right. You know what? Okay.I get it. Basically people upset about, or this is not what I expected. I'm not making money still.And I'm like, okay, I know who this person is. They put their name down. I know this person is, I went and checked the KCU thing, the portal.When was the last time they logged in? So they bought the course in November and the last login was in November. Last login is in November, like three days. And they only watched module 2.3 or 2.4. That was the last module they watched.And they, I was in RON, the screenshot that I sent you. And there were all this crappy stuff. Anyway, I don't mind.Feedback means yeah, whatever you have. But at the end of the day, man, I can teach you. You can join every single fucking call, but if you don't want to learn, good luck.Does it make sense? Making money can't be taught, but it can be learned. Same stuff that I have went over. Same things I taught traders who are making six figures a year.Same things I taught others who's my first millionaire student. Same things that I do every single day. It's just about your acceptance that, okay, this stuff works.Whatever I knew before didn't work. That's why I'm here in the first place. Right.And a couple of features, fam, that's coming in KCU, which I wanted to discuss, especially with
this call. Okay. I went over everybody's things you guys asked for.First, ASAP that's coming soon is I'm expanding every single module. So you're going to be module where it is like not the stuff that doesn't need explanation, even more explanation. No, but let's say if module five wouldn't mind having 30 or 50 different chart explanations with it.So we'll have module five in the brackets. It will say charts and we'll break down like 50 or 100 charts in that module. Right.So we will break down charts in the modules. The next one is like, I don't know how the fuck I'm going to do this. A lot of y'all ask for one on one session with me.I'm sorry, fam. It's like, if I have to book you in one on one based on my calendar right now, you might have to go in June or July, like for an hour. So I was like sitting down and I was thinking, man, fuck, how the fuck do I do it? So the stuff that you're going to ask me on one on one sessions, what we're going to do is who remembers that you should do where you send me your problems and I'll make a little video just for you and I send the video to you and that's the video for you to kind of get better at.Anybody remembers we did this stuff in the chat. You send the sort of things that you're struggling with and then I make a basically a one on one just for you, the video that you need to do stuff to move forward. We'll incorporate that every month and that's like one on one session with me.Okay. That's the best I could do. And the best bit that's coming is I'm adding a new module coming soon.I found out top six reasons why people are not getting the results and I'm going to make trainings just on those six things. They're going to be another module. Top six things, why people don't make money and we're going to just, I'm going to break that down.How the fuck I can get over it and everything. That's the biggest one that's coming. Another one, trading view tutorial, trading view coming out soon.If you're watching the recording fucking three months from now, today's Feb 12th for me. If you're watching this in December man of 2024, all this shit already be out, right? So yeah, few things, few things right? Again, I can't teach you how to fucking make money if you don't want to fucking learn. And I swear a lot.A couple of you said, oh bro, you swear a lot. Get over it man. Alright.Because I'm not, literally I'm not asking you that I'm going to fucking marry someone that you know man. Like you don't have to judge me from that. You don't like me as a person, fuck that.You're here to learn money. How to make money. I'm not a chemistry fucking school teacher.
I'm here to teach you how to fucking get rich as fuck. Actually one dude was really upset bro. He like, Sunday is my, he said Sunday is Christ day and I do not like to jump on a call just because you swear too much.There's a limit. I'm like bro, shut the fuck up. God damn.You really do need Jesus man. Anyway. Alright fam, so the first thing first we got to go over is LTP.Now last week we discussed levels. We went over levels, how to draw levels, how to go on a bigger chart time frame, draw levels and how to actually trust the levels because a lot of people have troubles in trusting the levels and you might still already have some problems with it. And I get it.But the best way is literally a three step framework. Write this down for levels, just for levels. Okay.The first thing is like for trading, draw a little triangle first. Okay. Draw a little triangle, put a dollar sign in the middle on one side, on one side write levels, the other side write trend analysis and the third side goes patient schedules.Alright. Come on. I'm waiting on you guys.When this is done, now we draw another triangle for levels. Okay. In the middle, write levels, kind of look like insert, shape, shapes.Okay. So this is one, write levels, trends, patient schedules, draw another one like this and write levels in the middle. Okay.Now one side of this levels is your 60 minute chart. Just write 60 minute chart. That's for you to go to the first step.Okay. The second thing goes is go on a line chart on a 60 minute chart. Alright.Go on a line chart, draw levels, all that. The third thing in the levels is adjusting those levels. Alright.This new industry has been booming. What is it? Chiropractor? Chiropractors? They've been cracking motherfuckers all over the place. Yeah.Chiropractor? Yeah. I saw some fucking videos. Sound painful.But we're going to be chiropractor here. We're going to crack all these levels, make sure they're fucking fixed exactly the way we want it. Making sure everything is touching, every single line is touching every single wick or most of the wicks in that place.That's how you draw levels. Okay. Now this is done.
Now for levels, it's very very simple. Don't use your brain Just go on a 60-minute now. Sometimes you might have to go on a dd chart as well like the With that being said which means is let's say we go over Just crowd.Okay. I haven't traded that in a while. So we go over crowd and You have a hard time understanding you see my screen, right? Let's run a double check.All right, so some let's say you have a hard time getting to you. Okay, what? How do kind of draw levels here I'm not too sure okay, I get it you want to go on a line chart If still not sure first things first, I want you to understand I want you to understand going a little bit bigger like zoom out a little bit more zoom out Okay, you can either do a hill you zoom out or you can go on a 4-hour chart that works But personally me I like to go on a just a daily chart just makes life super easy, man All right, just go on a daily chart. See what's happening on a bigger time frame Like when you go on a daily chart, what do you see here? There's a little Super bearish candle at the top and we want to see that was this bearish candle happened at a critical level or not Now a bearish candle happened in the middle of nowhere is not fucking nothing.It doesn't mean shit Yeah Like I told you guys in the modules as well a Bullish bearish candle in the middle of nowhere doesn't mean crap. So now we know that this is a bearish candle it gapped up To start kept up instead of keep going higher and made this super weak candle Okay, let's see if actually happened on a big critical level zoom out See what was the last time we were trading here or if we were like we never traded here now would you consider this straightaway a Bearish move and time to go play put like moment. You see this Not what do you want to see? You want to see? Okay, this gap can be filled Like we're doing some analysis gap can be filled on Monday When was the last time if if this ever happened in the last time like in the past it has ever happened I'm gonna go check just like so we have a rough idea.What's happening? Okay, where we gapped up and we close to prepare ish Nope. Nope. Nope.Nope. Yeah roughly here. We gapped up We gapped up after a couple of days close super bearish What happened? Nothing, nothing really not too much But we found any we found a support roughly around these areas which kind of makes sense Especially, you know, the volume was not super here, but currently what's happening here We have insane amount of volume in this right and it's happening at the all-time highs.Just have a rough idea. What's happening? That's all we don't want need to draw any levels. You can see if there's any trendline setting up.That's pretty much it Okay, you got it In trendline Now turn that looks dirty it looks forced Fuck it. All right. Now we go on a 60-minute chart go on a line chart and Let's draw some levels Line chart Drop some levels one two Any any little bend that you see lately on our chart you just draw it.We'll adjust it soon Okay, that's how I do All right, we got a few levels let's go on a candlestick
and adjust them I Start I like to start from the bottom. It just makes life so much easier All right, we're gonna make sure that this line this Line running across touches every single or most of the wicks in this area or most of the candlesticks in this area Okay, roughly here. Just it's touching this Yes touching this all this All right, this one's good above this Move a little bit lower.All right, just touching this this this this all of them. Sweet. This is done We can move this a little bit lower if you want Based on this week in this week.Okay, you can add a line here as well then by the way one two three four five All right This is in the middle of fucking nowhere pretty much now if you look at it, nothing really happening like a couple of times Yeah, but nothing really happening. Maybe more important level roughly. Yeah One two, three, four five five touches.Is it making sense? Yes, Anna. All right This is done now 325 Just remember these whole numbers 325 if you are struggling to find levels like at this moment in time I'm struggling to find levels. Okay, I don't know how the stock moves.I don't know really how this stuff works Okay, three twenty three point three next level three twenty six three twenty five being a critical level Just being a whole number. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna just draw a level here Just make my life a little bit easier. Just your whole number All right moving forward 326 not really a level We move a little bit further up one, two, three four This one can be can come at the wick right here All right, most of them is done This is done Okay Rough levels level time Now this is where people have a hard time.They do not know if they can trust their own levels Levels breaking a level comes up and you in the trade instead of taking profits you sit there and hope please God just break Break the level What if this level breaks you're gonna get paid? Well, the level is there for a reason you drew it nobody else drew it you drew it yourself you drew it because you saw something That makes sense So take some profits now, there's a way to kind of take profits. I liked Steve asked a question in the in the discord he said When it comes to trim trimming for profit taking do you prefer heavy was trim at the Target price one or a light first trim. I personally prefer heavy Thank you, bro.Is there ice cream on it? What is it what the fuck is this I don't want it. No. No, what do you think? I'm a fucking I don't have a fucking fanny at the bottom, bro Nah No, I appreciate it, but no, thank you No, thank you I'm drinking Red Bull like a fucking man Didn't mean my brother.All right I Now we drew this levels and we do don't trust him why not you think maybe I'm not as good it Maybe I'm not as good at it You can struggle you can struggle you're gonna trust yourself at the end of the day fam It's a survival pretty much see them then Just take a screenshot of this tomorrow watch this these levels will get respected like I Trust myself so much with my ability to draw levels take a screenshot of this tomorrow after the trading day Go back and see what these levels getting respected Now if you're watching the recording is a little
bit later I'm talking about Web 12th. Okay, go check on Feb 12th if these worked Now, all right Basically explaining you the framework what we did here was we went on a 60 minute or daily chart just to get a rough idea We change it to line chart and we adjusted all those to the candlesticks any question so far. Yes or no Yo, you guys need to goddamn wake up You guys have any questions? Yes or no that let me know in the chat All right, because I would just want to make sure this is all done So we can actually go forward to the trends if you do not understand levels Trends gonna go over your head.I haven't that's correct. I love it. I love it.I love it Okay, so wait Now let me ask you a little question This is fun. This is fun. Okay This one.I want you to sit there for a minute and I want you to Literally ask yourself this question if you could go back in time and give one piece of advice one piece of advice To yourself would go back in time to give one piece of advice. What it would be Don't send it in the chat yet doesn't in the chat yet. Well, I see you Don't send in the chat yet fam And yes, I love my ego loves it and signing up to kick apples.My I swear to God. All right but I Want you to think in way like say you were in three months into your trading journey And you can You can go back and See your younger self your past self sitting down and trying to trade and you can tell him one fucking message from the future One thing from the future What it would be Think about in ways of just trading Okay, just trading. What would you tell him? All right, we have a minute Don't sit in the chair yet.I Promise you really really matters. You might be like, yeah, what does it matter? It matters because I want to see you the mindset right And we have the clock running No, you should see a fancy timer here It's flipped. But yeah, you got it.Hey, if you're watching the recordings, you should do this as well. I don't skip it. All right fuck Let's see soon.So we should joined your class and I never had to lose all the money I did. I Can't go back in time man And I I know I wish I fucking I learned this framework a little earlier. I was too cocky Good losses, but not the amount that I go back and so good with our medical training.I love it Respect the stop losses. You can always jump back into trade. Yeah, that's deep.That's deep respecting the softballs. You can always go back and trade Struggle over complicating everything get out of your own way. It's really simple as it looks.Yes. It really is that simple It's just hard hot things sell over the internet. It's just that it is the whole industry works in a way It gotta be hot because hot sales Huh By the way, I found out who took my Instagram down.I found out I found out that paid 10 grand to this dude to take my Instagram down. I Found out
the day if I can get my Instagram back. I'm exposed this motherfucker.Oh, I know where he lives I know where they are. I know where the kids fucking go to school where the wife works. Oh Damn, anyway, that's it.Can't talk too much Stop over complicating. I love it, man. I love I love that actually Seriously, John in case you sooner following every instruction.That's it Don't try to force your trade be patient Yeah fuck I Yeah, that might be one of them that I tell my younger self Studying more learning to trade levels draw trendline sooner so I could build the confidence I have now I'm betting on myself sooner Yes, holding a plus trades to hourly or pivot levels. Yeah, pivot a seen a pivot fucking let things work Yeah, I just don't like to have him on my charts because I get confused But the effect of what those pivot levels work a if you struggle him drawing levels fuck levels all together All right, your levels can literally be replaced by pivots But the name doesn't look good BTP. It just looks a little bit fucked up, you know pivot strength patient scandals so LTP Should have started learning sooner respect stop- loss rate Learn a system before jumping into something you aren't as smart as you think you are.You just got lucky a few times you go You have a lot to learn and a lot of work to do Yeah, success just takes repetitive action. That's about it Yeah Don't expect results too soon management force met you learn first then manage this claimant Yes, be patient respect and stop-loss Believe in yourself and your abilities. You've got a dream big to succeed.Yes Yeah, if you don't dream big you don't have a motivation I got the amount of money you have now I can stop working and fucking, you know, live a normal life The fuck normal life man, you see what I'm saying? it's Dreaming big that wakes me up every morning Checking my bank account every morning and saying oh, man, I'm broke. Get the fuck up. No, then what do you wait? Actually learn to trade by knowing a system and free book I I doubled my account and thought trading was easy Then I blew my account because I didn't know what I was doing Therefore when I blew my account didn't even know where to start fix my problems.Yeah The first course you take will be a huge financial equipment, but it's not going to work out. Don't worry, though You actually find the right one In case you and have and the heavy investment makes you commit that much more all the matters is you reach your goals in the end That's it. I Said you can ask me thousand questions about trading only have one answer stop-loss.Respect your stop-loss, right? All right now Personally personally the biggest advice that I would give to myself because I've thought about it or like you thought I gave you a minute And I thought about it for like last two years okay, one big advice that I'll give my younger self or Younger I'm still young but my past self my younger self is only this Learn how to identify market trends Learn how to identify when the stock is an uptrend learn how to an end because bro You can you can trade like a dickhead and have the market trendy. You will make money
You can have no system and the markets trendy. You'll make money You can have the best system and the markets not trendy you lose money Just like that.So if I have to go back, I'll just tell the dude right, the only thing that matters is Setting a framework for knowing when a trend usually starts if that doesn't work If that those things are not happening don't even trade Go enjoy you'll make more money Because I don't know about you. Hey, I don't know about you, but From my statistics from my statistics If I if from my own trading if from my own trading back in the day if I omit like if I take out Every single trade that I took when the trade was not trendy and I had these numbers in my journaling app that I use I use by the way, I use day one. It's called day one.Okay You can record I usually record a video message in there every single day takes about 30 seconds 30 second video message and it's fun to watch because I still watch some of the video messages from myself from 2021 And how dumb I was It kind of motivates you like bro Well, if at the time I thought fucking that was the most important thing and now I'm looking back like oh, bro That's so dumb This is 2024 the summation 2026 gonna look back at this 2024 and be like bro, how dumb does it make sense? So my goal is to just making sure the future summation doesn't think the current summation is done So I'm based my decisions off will I think of this as oh man such a dumb decision or that's a smart move Good way to think Good way to think makes you think All right So I went back into my journals And this is my life journal by the way, not my trading journal, right? I did some numbers then because I was using Trader sync at the time to journal my trades and they had a feature you can get rid of a couple of mistakes If you never made those mistakes how much money you would have made? All right is back in the day my trading account roughly around four or five thousand, whatever I Was down big-time, but only if I would have awarded trading the job. I would my trading account would have been hundred grand pass When I looked at these numbers Okay, so I lost all this the confidence the money because I was trading the job. It's enormous, so the only advice I have is Learn how to fucking trade the trend don't worry about anything else.You can have white stop-loss When the trend is there it will fucking work. It'll pay You can jump in small position size. It will pay You can roll your contracts to for the fucking contract and the trend is there it will pay you can have one to one risk to reward and Jump into a trade it will pay On the other side you can have one to twenty which to reward But the trend is not there We'll get about the 20 reward your stop-loss getting it right and this is what big thing that happens with people is Your stop-loss it the next trade stop-loss it the next trade stop-loss it the next trade stop-loss it We get angry we get frustrated we get scared right and that usually what it does is Let's say on Wednesday.It's super super choppy right Wednesday super choppy for example right Wednesday super choppy you took eight different trades out of eight seven hit your stop-loss You down big time right your $2,000 account You've lost about $1,200 $1,300 out of it right too much, but right Thursday becomes one of the most trendiest day That you have ever traded But you took two trades Because you were scared you took two trades you took profits at 10% each So roughly
you made about what back in 20 10% profit or over the account About 80 bucks And you do not have any more cash to trade on the day, and you're sitting there Watching the whole trend to go Without you you know what's happening here You're getting your voice for more yes But it's fucking up your brain for the next day because next day you're gonna expect the same trend to continue And you're not gonna go and then you're gonna take another big loss which gonna be like see you later. Goodbye You're out of business the good the big big example that I gave everyone here is I think the big example that I learned here was from Not learn, but it just came to my mind because one of my friends. He owned a lot of retail stores And I asked him this Anybody by the way here owned in a retail store like where you face the customers straight away.That could be anything So this guy owns some clothing clothing brand and he owns like couple clothing clothing shops Does he's doing well, but he was trading, but he was trying to trade back in the day, and yeah He quit because he's like I'd rather fucking just double down on my strengths Which is clothing rather than trying to learn a new thing which fucking makes sense And it was about let's say If you own a retail store everybody have gone to Walmart right in your life At least a retail store. Let's say super choppy in the market Let's say it's super quiet in the Walmart. What do you think the owners do the right? The right the right for the customer Right They'll try couple this and that try put this down.You know try to put this Like special deals and whatever the specialty is only matter if the fucking customers in the store The special deal doesn't matter if the customers not in the fucking store, right? so What do we do what does the owner do he wait it's patiently no problem because he knows if not on Tuesday This coming Saturday. They're still gonna be busy, right? So he does all the you know inventory stuff on Tuesday the quiet days He already knows now every day gonna be saying then why do traders have a mindset when it's quiet. They literally go and Light the store on fire They go like it's quiet, let me burn everything down If you want everything down bro, you are a business You had a business straight away.Have you ever seen a retail retail store do it? The burn the store down fuck. No What do they do instead? Take the take days off like I don't know about you guys fam, but all the big business dudes that I know The weekend is about like especially when the retail Industry the weekend is Tuesday and Wednesday because it's the most quietest days of the week All right, so that's a weekend Saturday and Sunday pretty much for them So in the quiet days, they don't go that. Okay, I'm gonna make I'm gonna make a work They just spend more time with their family Because wasn't the fucking point of trading a first place to spend more time with the family Like what's good at trading if if you mentally go crazy The same thing here traders here in this our game.They burn the shop on fire when it's quiet Right, you see mark. It's not trendy first half an hour first 45 minutes first hour It's not trendy because spent the rest of your day with your family. It's cool.
Chill It was trendy trade like again If it's a Christmas Eve the stores making money, but he hit his target At 12 o'clock in the in the morning. All right, so a couple hours into the market open. He hit his sales target Have you ever seen any fucking boss go? Shut the doors.That's it. I'm done. My target hit.I'm done. We've woken away No, how they take all the money in as long as the customers are coming in bro. He motherfucking stays open Why as long as this fucking shopping center lets him up stay open Same thing if the trend is there Why the fuck do you close your store and walk away It hit my target when you're losing money fucking there's no target up It's target when you're making money.All right, just some things to think about this is what I do when I go out Bro, try to bring everything in your trading like when I'm walking down the street. I See everything around me. It's like a business.I think of it like a business What's happening what I can you know, what's happening try to understand try to understand the The major things like this stuff the only way I was able to think is You could embrace boredom people don't do it the reason why again, we're gonna get into trends the reason why people struggle in Trading you could embrace boredom Got boom boom into this Who here ever waited Anybody who like let's say you bought too far can get a coffee and you wait on the line What's the first thing people do you tell me you're waiting in line? Without your fucking sport What you do scroll cheap fucking dopamine Ah, you know what? I'm doing. I'm standing there. I'm embracing boredom It's alright because most of the ideas that I ever got that made me much amount of money Never ever did it come when I was watching fucking tik-tok or Instagram reels never Zero but when I'm bored I look around I think I think of ideas or just like Or if you if you ever need this this framework you can go go ahead use this I don't care It's it works so fucking well by the way, this is usually me when I'm driving Think of a problem when you're driving Right any trading problem that you're going through because you know more about yourself than anybody else.Yeah Pick a trading problem rather than listening to the fucking music bro, like I See this. I see people like music's a good way to make you feel fucking you're doing something in your life, especially when you're not Right hearing Nipsey Hustle talk about fucking Racks in the middle of fucking Million while you're young I Get it. You're gonna make fucking million push to hear this song See them then So when you're driving pick a problem Think there's only two things you need to avoid one Going into the loop.Don't jump in a loop So loop basically is when you're going over a trading problem I bring usually goes in loops a brain don't like to burn calories. So the loop goes I just got to do this Then I'll stop. Okay, and that's that's your problem Next time you think about the problem the same solution comes your brain don't want to think Every walk in memory.It's stored in there the moment you think it just loops you the same fucking thoughts, right?
The beautiful question you could ask is okay. This is done What next? How can I distill this even more what next this is what next and try to consolidate? It's a good meditation for your brain. Every time you think about something else bring your thought back to this problem Everything around you that you're gonna see is gonna help you solve this problem It works.It just works Doesn't make sense of this going over your head. I For example This is sad. This is a bit sad I was in a shopping center and I was going through at the time.I was going through a trading problem in my life Where I was not able to walk away When I knew when I know that I need to be broken away Okay, I know I need to be doing something but I'm not doing it. I was in the shopping center. I saw this old man He's like a little bit old Now I shouldn't say his age because yeah, not that old wasn't that old but he was all older than me, right? That's what I'm trying to say.It may be about 50 52 Now it was he's walking. I don't know. I was waiting for my coffee.My wife's standing Well, she was my girlfriend at the time. She's standing next to me and I'm just looking around. I Saw her I just saw his clothes look dirty as fuck.I just saw him, you know, one of those dudes top to bottom looks dirty raggy type clothes anyway, I Saw him slip because his shoes The grip is gone, right? He slipped. I went over helped him out He's like I've been wanting to buy new shoes from long time Been wanting to buy long shoes from no time fuck I'm gonna buy them now Because his shoes didn't have grip there was a little bit of water spill from somebody in the shopping center He slipped and he hurt himself, but he was fine. Like the the lesson that I took from this was He knew what he needs to be doing They could have awarded all this he's not doing what he needs to be done Which is buying some shoes doesn't make sense So I'm like, I know Like bro, if I want to get richer than all these average people I get to do what? These people can't which is listening to myself These people can't they say I'm gonna do this, but they don't And I was like, huh when I was driving back, I was looking around like, huh Like the whole universe when you want something very the whole universe kind of fucking, you know conspire in a way So you get it you'll find the answer Every single time this I'm thinking about a problem this happens Another example is don't be double-minded because I used to hesitate too much before jumping into trade Too much One of my friends was driving and it's a roundabout it's a roundabout and he's like, oh I'll be able to go through on now.Maybe not. He's double-minded now, right? Do the car coming from the other side fast and in Australia, you're gonna give way to the right who servers on the on your right You're gonna give way to them Anyway, he's double-minded Had a little car crash anyway, and I'm thinking okay If I'm gonna be better than these average people man, I gotta fucking just be bold Be bold in my executions Like if he was bold I can go through I need to stop I go through fuck it. Fuck the being double-minded Is everything normal people don't get rich.She's gonna be like, alright, what do normal people do in this instance? They do this I'm gonna
stop doing it Does it work? Works in your head So let's get back to The game now, this is how why trends are so crucial and Now basically just touching on how trends can influence rating decisions. Just like this if it's fucking up trend fam You can make a lot of money All right But when it's not trendy doesn't matter fucking the best look in trade you can lose no, I'll give you some examples, right And even you guys doesn't matter you younger self or your past self You're gonna tell your past self to master trend And that's most important, right? Very very important. Okay now We have a few different types of trend the trend goes on Two minute chart Opposed 30 minutes.We have Five minute job for next one hour, right and we have 10 minute chart for Best of the day pretty much now we have trends. This is like for day trading and we also have trends for long term investing I know Anybody wants to let me know in the chat How many? Three different types of trends which one are there? So I saw quote about boldness that pretty much said that mistakes made by audacity can be fixed with more audacity I like that And take a fucking photo Up-down sideways beautiful. So we have three different types of trends.First one is uptrend Downtrend and sideways now if you have to break them down even for even more what it would be What do normal people do? What do normal people watch on the trends on the uptrend? What do normal people watch? Wanna take a guess Impulses. Yes Basically, they're supported by high highs high lows. Yeah You wanna see higher highs high lows and it's an uptrend for them.What's the downtrend for them? Lower high Low low sideways No criteria If we don't have any criteria for sideways, oh shit the tip now, how do we make money? Or where do we come a little bit different? There's one more thing that we watch. What is it? And I went over this in the modules as well. No that goes here No, it goes with the framework of uptrend.All right now It's so simple potential Potential high low Potential low high. The reason why you're struggling with finding trends is because you don't know fuck how to watch potential high high low or potential low high This potential high low this right here and this right here There's a difference between us And the traders sitting at home who just think the uptrend means high highs and high lows Because this gives us entry right Now, what does that mean though? How does that mean? How does it work? so This is Eyes, this is lows. Next one is we have Higher highs already.Yes What is this right now? This as we talk what is that right now right here? This is lows This potential high low this is not a high low yet. The reason this is no high low up until it breaks the previous highs Just put this in your head Up until it breaks the previous highs. It's not High low the reason is Because this can happen it might try to go like this See might try to go like this right here But haven't broken the highs yet And it will turn around it will break this you know what you will think you'll think all the trend failed No, isn't The trend still intact up until we make a new high Then this level gets confirmed as a high low upon.Otherwise, it's all potential anything above This price point fam anything above this the trend is
still intact Anything above this we still potential high low It's making sense is You might be watching a 5-minute chart right here, right? Let's say you're watching a 5-minute chart But maybe on a 10-minute chart, it still looks like higher high high low and the higher high is not Confirmed up until we do not make a higher high high low it cannot be confirmed All right, because I have seen this happen in the past where it will go down Turn from here This will give us a best entry to add in because stop-loss right here Profit target right there a profit at least half of this Beautiful, we should reward now people think or not. It's downtrend starting or this is highs. This is lower high No, it's not we still in an uptrend That trend hasn't failed If the uptrend hasn't failed It's still an uptrend.How can it start downtrend? It can only be one thing at a time Right Anybody who didn't get this let me know please. This is very important Unmute yourself of asking this question So all this from here, it could be even here it could be here it could be anywhere All this is potential up until this level from here breaks the previous high Then it becomes higher high And this becomes high low. Otherwise, it's potential high low it Potentially, maybe it lands here.Maybe it doesn't that's that's that's about it Yo, everybody got this you sure Do a thumbs up. All right Okay, I love it. All right now Same goes in the downtrend.All right, please don't confuse yourself too much with this stuff. I get it. It's a little bit tricky this potential the reason why it's tricky is because it's If it was easy every everybody we fucking doing this a little bit tricky But we talking about money.I Your school assignment that you were when you were in university man Just to get the job that you fucking hate right now. That was tricky, right? But you did it why for the fucking job that you have now, which you hate This is tricky. You're gonna get rich as fuck with this.So Jim's in and I never went to school. I miss I miss university man. I miss university Cuz I never went to university people tell me about stories about university man.I never went to uni fucking Would've been fun picked up some chicks Now what do we do in a downtrend? How does it work? What's the first part of downtrend? Yes, this is noise The low low done Okay, what else? All right. Well, all right. Let's see this one broke.Okay, this one's confirmed Laura Lolo is in Star losing now, this is where people have a hard time. Um, I get it up until up until The candle doesn't change the color. I'll give you an example from this spy five minute Okay.So in this particular instance from it would be roughly let's say till 11 to 11 And we'll do this we'll do is go over some examples as well. I don't stress in this particular instance up until we like Some pullbacks happen with just green candle and I don't like this. I can't see example right now It would be a red candle at the first but it will close as a green candle.Yeah or for your this What this trend you want to see a different color candle? I write this down for the trend for the lower high or for the lower high or high I know it should be different color
candle the potential to be a little bit different color candle Because that's where you can base off your potential high lawyer Potential or high If it's a green trend, you want to see a red candle that kind of gives you this wave Make sense or not? If it's a downtrend you want to see because the downtrend means red candles You want to see green candle gives you this wave? This should be a green candle moving up not just a brick actual candle Okay All right. Now this right here could be a potential Laura and anywhere from this particular point from from this point To this point anywhere within this it can be potential anywhere, but if it breaks this previous Lower high then it's not an uptrend Not in a downtrend. All right, but let's say it started playing around.It gives you a patience candle roughly here To enter. Okay, I'll see here you jump in you jump in Instead of going low right here what happens it turns around It just makes a huge candle it turns around You get stopped out sweet. Does that mean the uptrend is no more? The downtrend is not there anymore.You might be like our downtrend is not there because this is lowers and this is high lows forming You can't have two things in at the same time, right? The downtrend is valid till the downtrend hasn't fucking broken the structure hasn't broken so the structure here breaks roughly around This price point if this breaks the structure breaks So that means if the candle went If it went like this, yeah structure is gone But if it hasn't it's all potential this all potential is just playing around But but at the same time What if let me get rid of a couple things. Yeah, what if it? Went like this at the bottom made a new low made a huge candle and broke This particular level but this way we made a low low They broke this previous lower high Now what's happening now? We made a low that means this Lower high is confirmed. Yes, because you made a low and this lower high breaks with Breaks towards the upside now Is Maybe reversal maybe maybe not but now downtrend is No longer there Okay, there's three different types of trend Whenever a downtrend breaks Uptrend don't start straight away sometimes The third trend which is a sideway trend can kick in and it can start playing around till around here See what I'm saying? So if a downtrend breaks that doesn't mean uptrend comes in straight away the structure broke here But now what do we need to see is a candle like that then a little pullback Sweet we can go out there and fucking play this Alright make sense for now We can go out there play this towards the upside and see if we can make money Trends making sense Everybody if yes say Yes in the chair.I'm looking at a chair right now. If it not making sense. Now is the time perfect time to ask question Alright, but what about sideway trend? Huh? What was sideway trend? Nobody fucking teaches us that shit Don't get in but how do identify a sideway trend? How not it's just a consolidation In here in this pullback or in this pullback consolidation happening, which might look like a sideway trend, but actually it's not Maybe just getting ready For the next big move.So it has to break the lower Lower high to be considered uptrend. No, it has to break this lower high to be considered It's no longer a downtrend. It has to make give you entry To jump in and it still doesn't confirm that it we in an uptrend It will confirm me in an uptrend once we make at
least one or two of these are lower highs Okay All right Now now we're talking about sideway trend.How do you identify a sideway trend? So you don't don't let me don't let me not go in there and lose money. I Am in an uptrend in an uptrend you will always the only thing here is candle analysis Okay Uptrend and Downtrend and sideways all your candles one candle at a time and the momentum module everything's ready ready to go I'm gonna record it Maybe at the new house, but maybe this weekend. We'll have a momentum module in okay Yeah Yeah, we'll have a hundred percent bucket Like to give myself at lunch.All right this weekend fuck Now in the momentum module, you're gonna see In an uptrend when we in an uptrend Okay The candlesticks the green candlesticks are decent big candlesticks, but the red ones are small They're usually small Yeah, anybody saw this a couple days ago when we were super trendy the red candles were tiny But the green ones were fucking taken out right or in a downtrend the red candlesticks are huge the green ones are small When we in a sideways trend it would be either green candles small Or green candles big or red candles big red candles small, whatever We see all four type of candles big green small green big red small red all over the place Basically it would be like first green candle sweet beautiful green candle the next big red candle Then we'll have a small green candle Then we'll have a small red candle then a big green candle then a small red then a big green It's all over the place no structure When an uptrend we have a structure It goes small green big green big green big green small red small red green green green. You see them then the structure Example of this would be let me see if you can find an example Okay, got it right here. Look at this.What's happening you Do this right now? If I'm in the chart No structure. Is there like even if you're watching this right now like this What does it look like okay first candle shitty candle right second candle shitty candle, what does that tell you? This first candle tells us or maybe some bulls are in place second candle tells us or now Maybe beer is in place shit Now fuck I don't like this what else or small red one now Small green Now what's happening is this any uptrend or downtrend Look at these weeks But when we in an uptrend fam, you won't see do that many weeks to look like if it's an uptrend The wicks on the top will be minimal. If you're in a downtrend the wicks on the bottom will be minimal But what's happening here huge wicks Do this Big candle in the middle of nowhere big candle in the middle of nowhere.This is a definition of chop All right this other day went Choose no structure any candle in the middle of anywhere make sense for now. This is the only way to identify this There's no hard and fast rule But when we look at a trendy day Let's say this was a solid trend right? This was a solid trend early in the morning. I've been better trend we had was Maybe on Nvidia.Nvidia has been pushing. Okay, look at this Isn't it look like a fucking structure to you Like the wicks on the top are minimal the wicks on the bottom are huge why the buyers are buying them Right, but there's a structure to this It's going up The green it's not like a one big red
candlestick in the middle of fucking nowhere went from the highest to lowest No, no that shit that tells us the structures. It's all about structures fam All right, I knew this choppy day what happened big green big red Small small small small small again.Well, that tells us it's chop No point using our brain, right? That's it This is literally the best way like look at this you might be like Bob bro. It trended in the lot and Later in the day. Yeah, three or three to four o'clock.We do not even trade So the market shuts for me a three so I don't care what happened after this But big red big green big green huge pullbacks For me when I break this down in momentum module No, I don't trade for these days. I don't trade for these days. I trade for these days Right.So you are you should be able to spot them really really quick. I'll show you Tesla What happened on Tesla if you remember on Monday was it Monday? What happened Tesla? No, I'll have it later Huh? Now the cat will eat it just put in the kitchen. Look at this fam.What does that kind of look like to you? big downtrend Hey, don't look at the reversal right having reversals it's such an easy job to fucking just think about reversals Especially after I showed you how to actually look at or downtrend is no longer in place Entries. Yes. I want you to see this downtrend how structured it is and If we look at a sideways trend What the fuck's this and you can actually spot this and you might be like bro, but it's easy to tell after the fact Yes, definitely it is.I'm not gonna say it's not definitely it is by the time you can tell as well one candle at a time This should be a big red candle This shouldn't be just a green candle in the middle of nowhere Does it make sense? What would if it was in a downtrend? What would happen the next candle you tell me? It's a solid downtrend. This is a weak candle of the VWAP What would happen if it's a downtrend big red? It should be big red because this candle had a lot of volume big red. Hopefully we make low we break low of the day What the fuck is this shit, right? Does it make sense? It's at the end of the day fam.Write this down. I want you to write this down Lot of people who are trading to think of trading as some fucking this One of the hardest things they have fucking ever done or crap like that. But let me tell you this very very simple fact Okay, and I need you to all write this down.It's all about fucking common sense Trading is all about common sense Exactly waiting the room if the pan is hot and you burn your fingers once next time you're careful Right. Yes or no common sense same goes in trading Common sense. I know it takes a while to find out the common sense But it's just common sense, you know, what makes money don't do anything outside it Because you'll need to not learn any more stuff you just need to take stuff out that's what you need All right, it's it's Patrick that David said one of you know Patrick that David but he said It's not about making bigger to-do lists.
It's about making not to do list Because it's not about taking a break from your distress from your focus It's about taking breaks from your distractions Meaning, you know people go. Oh, I just want to eat right? There's one thing that I hear people say all the time I just wanna One day a week, I do not watch my phone What? I'm trying, you know detach from the social media it refreshes me That's like saying six days a week I eat like shit for one day a week I eat healthy and I'll lose weight No, it doesn't work. All right So the same goes in a in general life.I give myself time to you know one of the worst thing that used to hurt me was Having constant access to Internet Anything that comes to your brain you just gonna go to Google and fucking search. Yeah Search find out the answer the urge When was this movie when this movie came out go to the Google find out Now who wrote this song you're working on such an important project something comes in your brain Oh, I need to order this. Let me go right now.Order it Anybody does it you should do this Oh, I need this and you're in the middle of writing the sentence and you stop writing the fucking sentence You go to their website you search you look for reviews you look for stuff You buy it. What the fuck? And you and you say no no no man wants you bro, they run you like this Right, so I have a little note on my desk Little little little piece of paper that I keep on my desk. All right, it tells me and Just a little time up.But anyway, it goes 90 minutes. No point then I can use my phone for 15 minutes I'll use the Internet for 15 minutes. What but in the fit whatever in 90 minutes that comes to my mind It could be fucking responding to an important email What happens is when you're responding to an important email you look at some other fucking couple emails, which It's maybe it's not important, but it's not it's in your head.I Write it down. What is this this fucking movie came in? I'm a damn just like just the movie's initials Okay, find out when I'm when I'm finishing off my 90 minutes when 90 minutes alarm goes off I look at the list. Sometimes I look man.What the fuck like, why do I give a fuck? Like what did this movie came on? What do I give a fuck? Who wrote this song? What do I give a fuck? This makes sense. And then you have like 15- 20 minutes to use your phone use it go hard Rather than taking break from your from the foreign take breaks from Just and don't take breaks as such same goes in a trading don't just take breaks as such from I'm gonna stop avoiding or I'm gonna do this this this I'm gonna learn this this I'm gonna only trade this this this stock I want to put this in your head that Money's made when you're not trading certain things that you do It's tough. It's tough to train your brain to do the stuff which you always been doing but money's made by Taking stuff off the plate If something distracts you I don't care how fucking focus you want to be bro and I don't give a fuck right We need to remove the distractions Right and I'm talking about in in in Regards to trading I if something you know that triggers you you're gonna get it out It could be literally watching SPX fucking Chuck get it out.Take it out. You don't need it or watch it in a video You can't afford trading in a video. Take it out trading sideways trend Make a rule only trade uptrend or downtrend Well, you gotta wait
for the trend to set up make it fool.Don't wait for first half an hour. See the trend All right, you get some formal for first half an hour for a long haul You probably will make more money just make sense or not Hey, buddy. All right All right now this is trench this is trench Some chart examples we should add some chart examples.Yeah Go with some charts But I don't want to I'll keep it real I don't want to make this video another two hours I'm gonna just go through one chart. I want to go through like 10 20 different charts for trench I'm gonna go through 10 20 different charts for levels Go through 10 20 different charts for patient scandals And we're gonna wait for the module. I'll add I'll add this trend trend stuff soon like Within a day with proper videos The charts they'll go through 10 20 different charts But yeah What practice is the practice ask me questions in the chat? All right I got you.Let's do some Q&A. If you have any questions unmute yourself go for it Hi, I have a question, which is like for most of us We have our jobs to struggle along with trading during the you know US like New York hours, like do you have any recommendations on how do you manage? Trading while having to work on an actual job. Like that's my biggest struggle.Yeah first thing Start smoking If you don't smoke you smoke now don't have to smoke like full- on Small like the cigarette cigarettes like there's some you can search online this actors that There's some actors they do not smoke and they're health freaks and but they use these Fake fucking looking cigarettes. They're they don't they're not as bad as I can make your cigarettes. Um, Pardon Packet a smoke break Do you stress your wife's keep right? They should blame everything to my wife My wife knew I just used to tell my boss.I'm like my wife. Well, my girlfriend's give me shit And because she's giving me shit I'm stressed and I'm smoking more because back in the day I was trading Australian markets All right, so it was like it was clashing with my hours My mom my girlfriend that which is my wife now. I'm a girlfriend the time she knew No, babe, I swear We were going to a Christmas party she like and we were allowed to bring one plus one Among my wife my girlfriend like can I come on like night? I'm sorry.They hate they all hate you, babe Like they all hate you. Please don't you can't come It's just well, that's one of the things bro second is It depends man, it depends how bad your hours are getting overlapped how bad are you I was all left So I live in this Chicago Central time. So it's just one hour It's one hour behind New York trading hours So you have one hour that you have free that you can trade in.Is that what you mean? No, it's like my 830 is is already New York Times time So my I have to actually get up earlier just to trade Just basically I have to start at 830 to be in New York Yeah, I start when I'm working I have like 830 meetings Yeah, thankfully otherwise I wouldn't be Because I obviously can't trade in a company Sir, no that I'm not doing work. I Depends how
good of how good are you a job? The butcher I'm very good at a spot to negotiate Yeah, I'm very good, but I haven't gotten a promotion on like two and a half years Hey Ron, you wanna hop on? Ron negotiated his fucking working hours Yeah, I work from home full-time now Yeah, and it's just like if it's all will happen bro, you can just say first hour of the day My kids are fucking sleeping I don't want to fucking do any meetings then if we can adjust if you're good at your job, bro Because me being a boss if somebody's good at their job and the excuse is fucking genuine. I'll adjust Because it cost me more money to fire you and then retrain somebody fucking then huh? No Yeah, well I'll talk to my manager now bro, there's only a way there's only a way Man you know my fucking kids wake up early See I gotta get my kids ready for school Can't do fuck a meeting first, but you're asking me how to negotiate that's the best way to negotiate I'll fucking find another job bro that can work, too Yeah, I'll see You know maybe start in 30 negotiate and what it's all about negotiate Come to Australia Come to Australia fuck everything Yeah One day if I have One day when I move out of my house, and I have like the PTO.I'll just don't come to Australia, bro Yeah, I'll be these classes. You know why? It covers my money bags look at my eyes But I don't sleep It covers my money bags you seems and my eyes are like fucking all the way tucked in my fucking face Put these glasses on like Do you have a massage I swear this is a word they're great. I don't have Man only time I can have is when I'm driving.I shouldn't have that on when I'm driving Message my eyes, but now Smoking Now he has work from home already But yeah, that's that's probably the best thing you can do man You can just negotiate first even first 45 minutes or even fucking trading afternoon it works If you can't if you can't negotiate in the morning, bro Did you just get to fucking just say something break? I promise you if you go to your job You have an edge I Trade the afternoon strategies they walk to There's little in the afternoon draw some train lines and that can look to but yeah I've him anybody else you guys are got any questions good session, right? How do I pull more? Depends what sort of formal we talking like the four more that you because there's all different type of formal men the former that you Fucking when you see when you go to a party and you see one of your fucking friends at hot wife You're like man. I'm just out There's all type of formal you see them then Now the best way to avoid for more is bright The other easiest way to avoid from when you in a trade is Stop thinking that it's for more the word has fear in it because we as traders we get we think oh We always whenever there's something about fear we get in a survival mode I Feel you're gonna survive my when we're gonna survive more we think oh we're losing the money But the money was never used at first place Didn't then so the best way to avoid for more is just understanding the structure That's it. The stock's moving a structure right now.We just fixated on this bit right this This is what you're seeing. It's okay. It's moving in a structure.This is what you're seeing right now Are you gonna pull back? If you trade this let's say you
enter here it pull back You down 5,000 by the time this hit you get out here Yeah, man, what the fuck and then you jump in here again you down another 5,000 now What the fuck you jump in again, you're like I'm not selling this time if it's fucking keep going higher I Happen to me in the past where I hear I'm like we do remember fucking one of those days when we had we were trading Amazon Bro there was fucking wish Roughly what we had formal we both were trading at the same time We had formal and this is like ages ago pages age ages ago was formal And did enter here for push Stock bounced exited right at the tip enter here again exited right at the tip Like right we we on the wrong side we time we were timing the market, but we were time in the market wrong side Right and then I did again at the bottom stop reversed a Bro, I went like what we 50 60 points He's like I will reverse it will reverse now people stay on demand you're fucking ahead and one candle used to be Tony Teddy boy It was huge it was huge, but I was formal Had we at the time understood the fucking we're looking at just this move. There will be a pullback It becomes very easy. I Say she will never form Like you will have former sometimes I have formal I case you are the whole thing But at the end of the day, let me keep it super super real for you.All right We you and me we think Stocks can bounce in the middle of nowhere If you let's say you do not have 200 moving average on a 5-minute shot right You see the stock bounce in the middle of nowhere then Yeah, it's bouncing up 200 moving average on a 5-minute shot, but if you do not have it on Then you're like man. It's bouncing in the middle of nowhere So stocks do not bounce in the middle of nowhere there. There's always a reason we just don't know the reason yet Okay, I write this down stocks only move in a structure they move from a level to level They move if they're gonna move towards you how Makeup trend they're gonna move in a fucking wave 1 wave 2 and wave 3 Which is basically just this this is wave 1 right here.This is a wave 1 This one is a wave 1 This right here is a wave 2 the pullback. This is the wave 3 back to the trend They're only moving wave 1 wave 2 wave 3 if the structure breaks It'll give you a fucking nice entry to jump in don't feel formal That's all about it. Once you understand this note, bro.We I Remember sending stockhunter a message like I'm buying some Yolo, you only live once was very popular back in the day. Yo, we not anymore now. Yeah Nobody does yellows 2020 there was a lot of yellows yellows like you only live once by put the whole dump all trading account into this overnight Hope for the best, right? YOLO for more this all the same same fucking shit back in the day.Yeah Texas talk hunter. I'm like a bro I'm looking to get this. What do you what do you think? He's like why I'm like, ah, you know yellow yellow trade pretty much His message you're too talented to do that You know how good you know how good I felt when he's like you too talented to you fucking do that shit I'm like, huh? That makes sense.I Just started respecting myself a little bit more. I'm too talented to fucking go trade in the middle of nowhere I'm too talented to fucking do something that normal people do It makes
sense rich So next time you feel formal, you're gonna ask yourself. What do normal people do are they jumping in? I'm too talented.Fuck it I'm not like them Wait for a pullback. It was It just works Sometimes the pullback is rather the hourly level should I skate to be inch to enter Nash, you know, no We use hourly levels just to take profits Or No, you shouldn't be If it has a confluence with your entry sweet, otherwise, just don't worry about it That's all but if you let's say if you jump in and right here, okay if you jump in Right at this point. I will level is right here in this stretch and you want to jump in here I'll be a little bit scared because I will level to like 10 cents about She comes in.I'll let hourly break and that instance Otherwise, no, I don't care. It makes sense So basically what I'm saying here everyone is a Pullback happened Patient scandal is here okay, if The hourly level is sitting right here I'll be a little bit scared to jump in this patient's gonna just in case if it bounces off the hourly because I got it Based on my experience. I gotta take a little bit profits at the hourly level, but I would not be any in profits anywhere So what I'll do is in this instance I'll wait for the patient hourly candle to break and see if the if This makes sense if there is should have what makes sense for me to jump in if it doesn't shit too bad Make sense.I'll wait for the next one. Yes Cool. I found formal coming from feel there won't be another opportunity when the reality is there opportunities every day chasing only She lost you don't overthink and execute exactly Exactly, you know, I can't stand with people who say all this one that once-in-a-lifetime opportunity But you if you ever ever want me to do an investment with you ever Like you have an idea you tell me propose the idea.I Want to hear facts. I don't want to hear fucking this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. That's emotions Alright, so anytime we go.Oh, this is such a good opportunity Yeah, might be but What are the statistics look like what the numbers look like? What's a risk? What's a reward? What how much you risking? There's some trades that I do not take even though they look beautiful It just because I don't I risk two and a half dollars on a fucking candle Right what happened on matter the day was it matter? The trade went against us only one dollar move and we were done 50% Imagine two and a half dollar move while you down 80% now do I want to fucking do that? No, so Say no to more stuff Right, even with your trades say no to more stuff. Say no to most of the birthday invitations say no to Most of the wedding invitations say no to every single fucking trade pretty much But the trades the lie in your criteria to enter accents All right, right we have Jamie here Jamie you fucking scared the fuck out of me Jamie texted me Hope this is real to me nah Bro, I sent you 50 bitcoins and you blocked me. I'm like What the fuck What the fuck? Bro, I was like full-on chillin.I was full-on chillin like my having my best fucking time easy. I'm saying my best time Me my wife. We got a first meal at the new house like we were like chillin All right, I'm like what but this has to be fucking this has to be crazy I'm like then I did some that then I just said that did some numbers.
I'm like 50 times 50 grand. That's a Like nah, did you think I'm stupid? Jamie it actually didn't come up here as your name. It didn't say Jamie.It said Slaughter yeah, I didn't know if it was if it was you Because in the discord it has a nickname Jamie. I'm like, right. Who the fuck is this and then then I'm like, oh shit That's Jamie.Okay I Say yo fam, please don't say no money to nobody. I don't want no money from you Yeah, there's another point that I had oh, yeah about trains This next week we're gonna go over patience candles But before the next week we have momentum module on and also gonna add another video a sequel to this and this is gonna go in module 12, okay, by the way This video gonna go in the module 12, there's another Another one sequel to this would be the charts All right, so it'll be an hour long video of me breaking down charts and that's about it That should be up By end of this week as well. Hopefully All right, but momentum 100% no questions.I will take a photo and then we'll call it a day. All right We you on mute, right? I can hear you from the house talking, but you on mute Hi so I Got the message from fake some Asia on the spot. I hope you see the progress and profits on your account And I was like, what the hell and I just play dummy.I said, yeah, I'm really doing good I'm happy the way it's going It's another trading week. Let's go. I'm rooting for you I logged in your two trades your account will not a copy my trades for next two weeks I hope you see the progress on your account and you will be cool with it He's full of conversation in and out, you know, what I mean They're really good at what they do when they get you, you know That's why I say if I can I will never our submission never ever message you.How's your trading going? These are people someone in Nigeria or someone in Probably India now There's hard to fucking make money there. So they're like, you know what? I'm a work hard I'm a work hard fucking make a fake account with some other person's name and fucking take money away from these people I get it, but don't fall for it. Don't fall for it.Be a little bit smart man. I'm rich I don't need you fucking but three grand to trade I Care about you, but I don't care about that much that fucking I lose my sleep because I want you to fucking make extra fucking So you do not trade bro. This is the fucked up bit Okay, I want you to go through some shit personally.I Run I want you to go through some shit. Well, I want you to go through some shit So you appreciate when you fucking start making money so you can learn the lessons in the shit And when these people go copy trader, you do not have to go through shit What the fuck Like that's very first world. That's very first world fucking shit.Don't go through nothing. We'll give you everything and people fall for it Some room someone from India, bro. I know the only free thing Only free thing you get in your life is the cheese in the mousetrap Nothing, that's the only free thing Somebody wants to give you free.
It's actually Greek court. The only free thing that you get is the cheese in the mousetrap Somebody gives you for something for free. They're trapping you video And you are watching the highlights.Yeah So good Anyway, let's take a photo turn on your beautiful faces. I want to see you all and we're gonna take a photo Marv Robjoy examined Brian come on. Jamie.Come on, man. They don't tell me that you don't have a Robby Brace, that's good. I see you Jamie.You motherfucker. I see Very cool. Oh, man Literally, that's good.I love it. I'm gonna send to my mom Yeah, mom used to watch my Instagram and my Instagram is taken down now She's like are you still doing this stuff? I'm like, yeah, so I'm gonna send it this for her It makes it happy makes it happy. You know, I'm I'm helping other people.I've been a male. Um, I'm gonna change Jamie's nickname Jamie Bitcoin in the bucket. Yeah That's about it But yeah, I love you all look after yourself.Alright, goodbye Yeah, I'd you be back this week 100% I have him goodbye
cn9jrlraki4c72uhj0u0Alright, let's get everybody in. And All right, we met all on Good work. All right All right.What is going on? Everybody? Can y'all hear me? Do it comes up All right what's happening I was a weekend long weekend for you guys are long weekend Monday after you I didn't know hey I didn't know I was like fully getting ready everything ready to go then I read some comments on my Instagram post that I posted like huh a day off I mean I wouldn't mind one because we've been moving houses you see them saying so a lot of crap in some rooms okay let's get started patient scandals let me share my screen and let's go with this I've am you're gonna take a lot of notes all right all right KCU magic session patient scandals let's get started we're gonna go over every single thing that you need to know about these scandals and some rules like three most important rules for patient scandals that I use that you might know or you might be missing out you you know not that paying attention that much but regardless if you have these three rules patient scandals become more easily tradable plus then we'll go and look at some charts okay now first things first LTP framework so what is LTP we all know right this is one thing that we all must right now or you eventually you're gonna become a master so LTP framework means levels trends and patients get these scandals now in order to get to the money need levels friends and patient scandals okay draw this on a piece of paper a little triangle is this gonna be your favorite like when I'm making frameworks I always look at triangles okay whatever you framework you're making off but the name in the middle and try to put it three give three names to it and that's how you get better and then further down if there's a like this general frameworks rule that I use three things and then you can break down further these things into for the three things okay so now levels now levels to get to the money you need to check trend on daily that's a first step okay what it was trends happening any trend line forming anything on a bigger picture that you've got to be careful of or say all-time highs or this is big 500 level approaching or where did the price close yesterday or how what sort of candle there was yesterday all this stuff is very very important another little rule that I give you and this is quick tip okay on a daily what do you check on daily is basically like let's say if the daily candle closed like this this is a red daily candle okay price is approaching then on a daily candle we had a such a bearish daily candle right and next day next day we have price opening around let's say more than half of this okay in the pre-market you see this you're like okay in the pre-market you noticed prices opening more than half of this above this now you know what happens this is a point because there are a lot of swing traders that get into swing trades just because of the daily momentum okay they are thinking that the momentum is strong the candle was such a huge bearish candle they are in they jump into shorts right the shorts are like oh let's see if the price opens here next day and we basically gonna get paid for doing nothing does make sense right that's what they're looking at but if the price opens here the first thing that they do as soon as the market opens is jump out is sell or you know cover back their positions and what happens when you are short on a trade and you decide to close the trade so you're short on a trade that means you're betting that the prices to go down that means you sold your shares first you sell first and in order to close this you're gonna buy right
and what happens when everyone's buying as soon as the market opens boom it goes and this is called gap up and go plays right don't look at you go to YouTube and search gap up and go plays but they're gonna confuse the fuck out of you okay this is called gap up and go plays if the daily candle super bearish super bullish and the next day what happens is opposite of whatever you know the candle closed as or what these people were expecting prices as soon as it opens it'll just like skyrocket or dump all right now why I'm telling you this the first thing for levels we need to check is how did the yesterday's candle closed roughly give a quick look right if it closed like anything like you know a stupid candle wick on the top wick on the bottom yeah whatever all we care about is we want to see if yesterday closes a super bearish or super bullish all right if it's super bullish prices if it's like this is a red candle if the price is opening here sweet all right you know pretty expected but if it is opening more than half of this candle above this all right it was not expected now these people aren't paying more the pain more the gain right write this down more the pain more the gain that's how you make money all right that's the first thing that we check about the daily on the daily charts and then we jump to the hourly charts and we change it to the line charts simple jump on hourly 60-minute charts leave the pre-market pre- market aftermarket data on okay keep it on your charts right go to the line chart draw some levels draw levels and adjust on candlestick charts jump on candlesticks adjust based on the wicks and you know the drill if this looks like right if it looks like this you're gonna draw level where one level is touching all the level all those things yeah y'all know this the thumbs up all right sweet some people like to draw levels with a candlestick close the only reason I do not do that I want to know where everybody was you know over and over again was jumping in I kind of care about this as well but I care about more about where everybody was you know over and over again this level is getting respected so I want to know that all right this is levels sweet the next thing is trends now what is trend not to get to the money you need to know our highs high lows and potential high lows okay this is important or on the other side you want to know lower highs low lows or potential or highs yes so this will kind of look like higher highs forming this is still potential up until it breaks this is potential high low and this is all high lows high highs yeah and this one goes like this you're making lower lows and right here this is still potential lower high all right sweet and correct time frames correct time frame simply means we're trading on a two-minute chart for first 30 minutes five minute chart for like 60 minutes and 10 minute chart for the rest of the day up until 3 p.m. all right now I'm back testing still as we talk I'm back testing this and I've done a lot a lot of them and I've seen in order to and this blew my mind I told this to a few people before but I didn't do it because I was still waiting for my back test to finish and I've done about maybe 300 back test but anyway or we did my brother did most of him I just you know I just go over him but anyway the two minute charts by themselves a little bit I wouldn't say hard to trade but they're a little bit tricky to trade you all agree the patience can only five minute charts like so much easier to trade but the two minute charts like what the heck all right so first half an hour from my back test I found out if you on a five minute chart there's a patient scandal formant or about to form there's still a minute to go for the candle to close on a two minute chart it's giving you a early entry basically confluence of two different time zones business candles on five patients can run to it's fucking working really really well does it make sense so let's say 1050 candle right 1050 candle on a five minute chart looks like
looks like this first candle super bullish super bullish and then we are coming down and this candle hasn't closed yet but kind of looks like this okay there's a five minute shot on a two minute chart you jump on the two minute chart and you noticed on a two minute chart you noticed it's giving you right here it's giving you a nice little patient scandal if this is let's say 70 cents wide this is like 30 cent wide you're like oh it's a nice patient scandal on the five minute it's given a nice patient scandal on a two minute the five minute hasn't closed yet but it looks bullish right now looks pretty good based on the trend based on the volume of these three candles let me jump in a little bit early and it's working really really well does it make sense anybody have any questions if this makes sense let me know in the chat to say yes everything clear so far all right so if you find two minute chart being a little bit tricky yeah if you find a little bit any time frame you find a little bit tricky you can just go five minute and two minute influence because I looked at I looked at my numbers and I'm like I looked at my numbers and I was like man my win rate on a two minute chart is so low and then I looked at my brother's and his win rates like more than double like V how come he's like are you always make fun of me for watching two different time frames at the same time but it works and then I looked at his trades I'm like damn they're actually good so all right so I let him win this time you know if he's right he's right all right now I wasn't backtesting this for five and ten five and ten works pretty good for me so I don't want to change if it's working so far see what I'm saying two minute it was like a little bit tricky getting a little bit tricky for me so I had to go redo this stuff all right now then comes patience candles see this for this image right took me a while but come patience candles what's it about patient candles the name game just me and my brother we sitting down and wanted to give a fancy name and that's how the name game but now this makes too much sense the reason is we have three rules again the three triangle I draw it on your screens and we go with this now the first rule the first very important rule of patience candle is understanding the ABCD pattern first anybody heard anybody ever heard ABCD patterns before who have it okay all right so ABCD pattern simply means a trend starts so on this right this example it would be this example we where the trend starts that's a with the trend tops that's B where the trend pulls back where we get the patience candle at the C and D is where we take profits but the high of the day all right that's ABCD so that means stocks move in this our highs and lows it's just a fancy way of ABCD pattern A B C and D oh maybe I fucked up but yeah you got it all right but yeah that's ABCD patterns once we have A to B is a trend then we wait for a pullback now everyone wants to know where the C lands that's the money we all care about oh where's the C gonna be so we can jump in all right and the D is just to trade towards the upside all right now ABCD simply is on a two-minute chart once we break out once you know we start picking up a trend we care about B to C the volume from B to C the distance the pullback should be less a little bit less comparatively to the green candles that we were seeing before okay the volume one rule of volume is only compare volume to one simple rule write this down simple rule of volume is only compare it to the previous candles that's it don't look at oh it's a 90 million volume nobody cares I volume is only subjective to the previous candles that's it if it's a high volume look at the previous candles all right previous candle volume that's all you care about now if the A to B a while the trend was going up we had this volume and then B to C we have this it's pretty good if this is more than them oh then it could
be just move down you can still jump in if you get a patient scandals but size down all right it becomes a low quality setup make sense and this SC is where we looking for patient scandals if we find a patient scandal that's where we jump in okay now this C can land at critical levels there's multiple spots where the C can go multiple multiple spots the first one could be a break- in if it is a critical level right here price broke then pulling back could could could be getting a retest of this we get a patient scandal down there that's one right break-in retest could be a bounce off let this stuff down for one break-in retest second one could be bounce of 8 EMA or 21 EMA or VWAP or whatever the indicators right third one can be a pullback kind of happening but we have like sometimes the EMA is quite further away there's no critical level around and it pulls back and I have seen most of the time and there's nothing around we're pulling back to0.236 level on Fibonacci now who doesn't know Fibonacci here are you or you haven't watched the modules yet I'll break Fibonacci down y'all know Fibonacci yes or no tap in the chat I'll just say no if you do not know alright so Fibonacci is one of the one of the tools we drop where the trend starts we drop on a we take it to the B then it gives you certain levels alright and that's yeah go over the module bounce I think it's hourly level and bounces we draw the Fibonacci the third one is Fibonacci so we all want to know where the C lands we all want to know where the pullback lands okay I'll show you I'll give you couple examples as well I don't stress so a to B we drop the Fibonacci we see some levels getting drawn out if you get a patient patient scandal on either 0.236 or 0 point what's the next fucking four three eight two I think on that these are the two levels anything more than that I'm not interested if the trend is strong it will hold either0.236 or 382 all right these three reasons again so now we had patient scandal the first rule was ABCD pattern now even further ABCD has three things which is break and retest can happen bounce of 8 EMI 21 EMI VWAP 200 moving average or whatever the time frame we are watching that of Fibonacci these two things all right all good the first rule clear now before we move forward let me just show you all right so this is my chart will go on a two-minute chart let me see if I can give you the example of all right this is this is pretty good example look at this trend coming down big time right body not even half yeah kind of just for for now an example is this is a good very bearish candle on a daily right super bearish it's opening above people were expecting they'll keep going down so this Feb 1st would be as soon as the market open people be taking profits so let's see what happened our people be getting out you see this as soon as the market open it pushed all of a sudden why pushed because of those people are getting screwed right now right and we can have a lot of fun with this I more the pain more the gain them all right so that's one other example that I want to give you was see a trendy day a lot of trend yeah okay let's see we're looking at just this okay there's nothing nearby there's no critical level kind of it's break break breaking out and retesting pre-market lows so that's a critical level the one that we needed and we're getting a patient scan on that but if you have to draw Fibonacci this is how you do FM just go here on the trading tool the third thing Fibonacci retracement I have it start already so for me it's always at the bottom from the top of where the trend started the top to the bottom we started bouncing that's what you need to do that's the only thing you need to do all right they'll give you automatically these now originally they they will be like a fucking rainbow okay different colors different backgrounds all sorts of crap I've changed the setting big time because I'm minimalistic I don't like trauma all I want to care
about is 0.236 0.382 everything else is just great these are the two levels that I care about and they're right they work on every single time frame if you're doing two-minute chart you have to if you're watching on a two-minute chart you have to jump out of a two-minute chart as well all right don't draw Fibonacci on a two-minute and then trade based on a 10-minute right and that goes with everything if you if you're watching to the moving average on a two-minute chart and you're entering based on that don't exit based off a five-minute 200 all right like especially if you're in the same time frame if you're 930 to 10 o'clock you enter based on two minute or exit based on five minute after 10 yes you're gonna exit based on five minute all right so this is what Fibonacci basically means now in this case we retested the pre-market low so yeah it doesn't really matter but if it was meant to come up a little bit more this would be a level where I would look for patient scandal okay now if the trend is strong you're gonna get rejected at 0.2 2 3 6 right if it's if it's strongest 2.0 point 2 3 6 if it's strong 0.3 8 2 and then yeah whatever we don't really care about that I look for where the money is to be made all right is a strength on it better with large time frames yeah if you're trading the larger time frames because there's no point of drawing Fibonacci on hourly chart and because and on a hourly chart there could be a little a little pullback like a tiny bit which you can't even fucking see on on the candle all right on a five-minute chart it look like fucking down trying to start it doesn't make sense dams so we trade on a small time frame or we care about small time frames at the end of the day right if you're looking for like big bounces how we do what we did for Tesla the day yeah of course you know we look for Tesla bounce based on this on Friday we're checking this chart out and we look for a bounce and we caught the bounce remember everybody that was based on a bigger time frame and it because it was based on a bigger time it was a little bit off like it bounced off this 0.382 which is normal if you're doing 60 minute bounce play it was a little bit off but if you check the 60 minute this this was like nothing on a 60 minute chart this little pullback that we took a first loss on was nothing it was only till here roughly yeah but on the on a time frame that we were trading we took a 30 40% loss 20% 25% loss so that's why we care about small time frames when I'm trading in today hey that's Fibonacci all clear all right go practice a little bit more as well I know you know it's a little bit hard you're gonna get with one example but you're gonna go practice a little bit as well all right so this is what we do that's the first rule of patient scandals is ABCD for for C can land on because of break and retest bounce of critical level break and retest of any level they have on a chart pre-market lawyer yes could be hourly level yes could be a big daily you know psychological number 500 yes whatever Fibonacci and bounce of EMS or any indicators all right now next is the second rule is containment so the second rule is containment the candle at the ABCD has to be contained like the seed spot which we're looking at has to be contained in the previous candle what I mean by that if you're looking for a play for the upside okay pulling back like this there's a pullback pullback handle these all pull pulling back the patience cannot have you looking at it shouldn't be like let's say if this is a little bit bigger candle right we look still waiting for a patient scandal if you're looking for a play towards the upside the candle must be contained in the direction of the move if you're looking for a play towards the upside you cannot have the patient scandal even for like this we can't now that's not a patient scandal no more it shouldn't be breaking the previous candle it should be fully contained within it can break towards the downside no problem
because we're looking for the play towards the upside anywhere we don't care the wall is this it shouldn't go beyond the wall all right does it make sense I do not like I used to care about with time the markets you gotta change I used to care about how the candle looks now I do not care about how the candle looks it can look like this as long as it's not breaking my wall it's a patient handle for me all right before earlier I used to be like I it has to be a little bit of bullish looking it can't be bearish looking now I don't care all I care about is as long as it's fully contained within the direction of the move of the previous candle no matter make sense any questions this is important then you'll get this wrong most of you get this wrong ask me question now just unmute yourself ask me question all right so that base with that being said if you're looking for a move towards the downside and this is a candle on the downside next candle can be looking like this yeah whatever I'm looking for the play towards the downside as long as my wall hasn't broken I will take this as a patient scandal no problem we move towards downside all right for the upside I just don't want to see a wall break towards the upside for the previous candle for the downside that's it because that's my entry if it's breaking this that's my entry I won't let you know entry already being triggered and the move still sitting sitting there doesn't make sense this is your entry this is where like the you know the trigger on your gun gets triggered well God that's the number one rule all right who didn't get it it's it's all right man you could ask questions clothes must don't get fit what's up bro hop on man hey so we're looking at the candle and you said the first candle you drew is that the patient's candle or the second one's the patient candle and then our entry would be in the third one right yeah on this this one or oh yeah and so on the one you have it right now so the first candle is nothing the second candle is our patient's candle so the third candle will be our entry then right yeah okay all right I mean if this candle gives me entry if let's say see if this candle gives me entry I'll use this as a patient no problem no problem at all right all I want to see is if it will be a patient's candle it will only be considered a patient's candle if it has not broken my my wall if it broke my wall it's not a patient's candle I don't care and this usually happens when we at the all-time highs or not at the all-time highs but at the low of the day or high of the day so it will look like this high of the day this is green candles okay we'll try to break towards the upside right very tiny bit we'll try to break towards the upside but we won't be able to break towards the upside and candle will close like the close somehow somewhat like this right make sense and this is a red candle all green candles it tried to break and some of you jump in to a trade thinking this is a patient's candle it broke the wall already this was a wall doesn't make sense for it to be a patient's candle it should have been a red candle but fully contained within this should not be a wick should be fully contained within the previous one right otherwise it's not a patient's candle you're gonna wait for one more candle one more candle comes like this even if it's like this yeah I'll consider this a patient's candle because it's contained within the previous candle right because if it's going up it would be contained like the one below hey Sumesh hey so so I'm looking at what you drew right now right so you're saying if it's a contained in that candle below it's gonna go higher up then is that what you're saying like like the previous ones right so it kind of started a little bit below but then it moved up right when it fully closed is that what you mean by that by continuing on the uptrend this I would consider this a patient's candle it's because it broke right already that's what you said right yeah because as soon as the candle started it moved towards
the upside because the candle opened here moved towards the upside sellers took over they closed the candle like this all right even if it's fully contained but it broke like the previous you know this has broken now wait for the next one sometimes I've seen this all right this would happen and the next patient's candle will open here and it goes like this and then you'll be like bro it's not even touching at all the previous candle and it's not fully contained it's fully contained towards the direction of the move all right as long as this doesn't break I don't care if this breaks yeah if this breaks nah I don't want to fucking play around that's a wall all right that makes perfect yeah containment all right any questions anybody I'll show you a lot of examples so don't stress all right that's why I'm rushing a little bit so we can jump to examples all right the third rule is smaller the better now I know size matters but I don't know what I was thinking when I wrote it but um when it comes to patient's candles smaller the better all right the reason for that is small candles means small risk smaller risk means bigger position size bigger position size means bigger profit bigger profit means more confidence more confidence means more conviction in the next trade which puts you in upwards spiral just that so where did the upward spiral start small patient's candles now I know if it's a big patient's candle you like bro you gotta take a trade all right if you haven't taken trade whole morning and the patient's candles about 40 cents wide the rewards about 40 cents as well yeah you can take it all right but there'll be a normal position size but if the patient's candles given you 30 cents 30 cent patient's candle but the reward is about 90 cents that's a sweet move that's beautiful move so that means because your risk is small and this is some some somehow some of you get wrong if the risk is small think about this for a minute if the risk is small if you're only if you like let's say the max risk you have per trade is let's say 100 bucks okay I'm throwing a hypothetical example like 100 150 you're happy if a trade doesn't work if the risk is only 30 cents right that means on an option contract it might hurt you about $20 all right if the trade doesn't work it'll hurt you about 20 bucks on a contract why do you still jump in two contracts that's about 40 dollars right why if if it's smaller risk doesn't mean like if you're normally risking hundred bucks on a good on a trade but this has a small risk that means maybe you lose about 20 bucks on a contract do you not think that's a trade which should have been at least the hundred dollar risk at least it's giving you small think about it right so instead of you doing a normal two contracts why don't you jump in five that means bigger position size when you have bigger because the risk is small now if it gives you 90 cent reward that means if 30 cents take away 20 that means 60 bucks on a contract roughly is a reward right if 60 cents a reward on a five contract and even if you take three a little bit early and you let two run so that's 200 bucks 200 300 bucks think about it bigger position size means bigger profits but not bigger losses if the risk is small hey does this make sense the risk is small the risk is still about the same small risk means bigger position size bigger position size means bigger profit bigger profits mean more confidence more confidence mean more conviction in the next trade which puts you in upwards spiral you are the reason why you're not in upwards spiral is you fucking think a lot when that it's time to execute some of you think a lot when it comes to execute you think when you're planning you're gonna be bold when you're executing all right there's time to think there's time to execute think of the best trading days that you ever had the best trading days you ever had you executed like it more for a pro right because it was time to play you played and I think of the
worst trading days that you had how bad did you think you were thinking the whole time so does that mean thinking is bad of course don't think all right don't think outside this I know you know this people be telling you or you're gonna think outside the box that this and that bro no here non-trading think with the system that's it don't think outside of the system right where you're gonna invest your profits then you think outside the box all right don't think outside the box when when it time to trade that's a third rule smaller the better now you of course will still take trade take trades if you have to with you know one-to-one which to report that's normal position size no problem why because the risk is hundred bucks if the trade doesn't work you lose about hundred if the trade worked you'll make about hundred yeah normal sometimes efficient scandals are like 20 cents and the rewards like a 50 and somehow you still manage to just jump into contract somebody asked me this question I think they will I was with my wife and they were recording just bunch of kids they were recording a some fucking version of what do you do for a living I don't know fucking what channel they were they told me oh bro we have this channel I don't know fucking what they said they asked me this question what's the what do you do for a living da da da whatever whatever like what's the one thing that you'll tell the young boys starting out I'm like take risk you got to take risk you got to feel okay with taking risk if you can't take risk there's plenty jobs man right you gotta take risk fuck working for other people right because your boss is taking a risk on you you'll get this shit done Spain you crazy huh crazy all right so don't get married to how many contracts you jump into jump in with a trade this is another problem the y'all have you're married to only jump in three contracts that doesn't matter if the contracts are $5 each or they are 50 cents each you still jump in three contracts like what the fuck right so if your position size is 500 the contracts are $50 each why not 10 I mean of course if you're trading SPX the risk is a little bit wide you know jump in 200 maybe three to 50 don't jump in 500 position size because the risk could be 50% but if you have if you're trading something like spy or Apple you're gonna change the number don't get married to I told you I'm get married to LTP nothing else everything else right when you married everything else is a distraction your wife as long as you don't do nothing stupid with the distractions you're gonna stay married right same thing in LTP look around somebody post you saw somebody's YouTube video this is how I made $50,000 sweet that's a distraction that's just a chick in the red dress in the matrix right the chick in the red dress and as you go along I promise you the chick in the red dress gets harder and harder okay we still gonna be around the things that you are good at the distractions get bigger and bigger this makes sense especially when you're winning you feel invincible but now you're winning because of the LTP if this makes sense it makes sense in the chat right you see LTP stands for level strength and patience candle okay I am so this is what we did for now I want an example for you all right then we will jump on actual charts what's happening here this is the example of containment right this is a two-minute chart by the way so we're looking for play towards the downside right why is this red candle not a patience candle it went up above not this red candle right here we looking for a trade towards the downside because it made low of the day it broke the previous candles otherwise it would have been it yeah so why is this a patience candle the screen the one that I marked it went above yeah whatever we don't care about that it hasn't broken the ball yet which is entry see what I'm saying then it went low our stop-loss is right here and
fucking reward was beautiful that's example of containment what was the first rule that we had the first rule for patience candles ABCD what's this this is A B the C and the D would be your next move yeah the second rule you forgot already yeah second rule is containment right and the third rule smaller the better now this is not small not at all comparatively to the candles that we had before this is 500 move up to 30 cents but comparatively to before it's not small make sense but if this is our value level but you know okay five or one the move is 60 cents below which they can go is the next profit target would be yeah this is the pre-market low 50 to 60 cents I'm risking about 30 cents pretty decent right make sense or not all right and then as soon as you jump into a trade trade doesn't owe you shit nobody owes you shit so it's not like our trade has to go straight away that's why you have stop-losses right all right if you would have exited in five minutes you're like bro I'm sitting there five minutes patience pays the patient hand the way the patient need to be paid you got paid right this is a spy but we got QQQ's of the day similar setup same thing we sat through this whole thing and then we got paid just the way the game is all right okay now now the fun thing fun fun fun stuff begins we're gonna go over these candles these three rules in detail just a quick open your trading views fan and let's go over this together give me one minute let me set up my stuff as well by the way so far everything clear yeah these this is it it's not tough all right if you were expecting or two hours mean going over just here to radical stuff no it's not it it's easy there's couple rules you got to follow that's all now we just gonna go over the fancy stuff which is going over charts tell me if you see my screen let me know now then we'll go we'll just do spy all right keep it keep it simple all right we will get rid of all the levels oh man I like these levels fucking Android them earlier you know what take a screenshot post in the chat for later all right there we go small so I do not know what's happening we don't go too back all right just tell me stop one person let's say Ron unmute yourself let me know when to stop all right let me stop right there stop all right that's December 26th I've had 26th right I'm going to be market open your charts December 26 everybody all right in December it's fire let me know just let me know in the chat when you say when you ready one person what about everybody else no we now don't look at the price action I don't look at the price action because you'll get a little bit of better word is biased or convinced that you know what you're doing I'm sorry that's why I have no idea what's happening now do I fuck no and we're not even gonna draw levels we're just gonna keep it simple just patient scandals the stuff you're gonna go over jump on a two-minute chart first all right we'll jump on a five-minute chart we'll jump on a 10 minute chart and we'll trade this make sense I have no idea how this gonna go all right all right first things let's go a little bit further this is seven o'clock eight the next scandal is when the market kind of opens all right we're on a two-minute chart and press play all right market about to open so let's see what's happening in the pre-market so far any anything worthwhile that you see any trend picking up in the pre- market already me personally I don't see shit I don't think there's any trend all right but looks pretty choppy on two-minute chart before the market let's see one candle at time now and boom market open first candle a wick on the top wick on the bottom what do you consider this we always say this my brother always says first candle is a sentimental candle right so far it looks like pretty cooked right so far I like it let's see what happens all right goes up still man it's looking a bit man all right we have a little bit of momentum kind of slowing down maybe a
pullback coming soon here we go now would you consider this a patient handle yes 100% we would be over like let's say because we do not even have to think here because 4.75 is approaching 4.75 would be a greater level yeah 4.75 just a whole number right this is a patient's candle so the entry would be let's draw the lines boom boom right yeah so we're risking about what that's 10 cents yeah that's pretty fucking good if you get it if this worked that's pretty small risk all right we ain't we in the trade stop-loss isn't triggered we're still in the trade stop-loss is for 74.48 I would kind of low-key maybe even consider this a patient's candle maybe a little bit wide yeah volume is less why not would you consider this a patient again why not all right we test of free market high confluence right a lot of stuff and you already know trade this trade or should already be up about 5% 8% whatever right anyway stop-loss there's a new trade there's a new trade that trade is still on right we in the trade if if the VIX like let's say in this case this is for 74.75 the high is for 74.78 three cents if the bids and ask both got above the critical level we jump in otherwise we do not spy usually have about three four five cent sometimes widespread right so if the bids which doesn't fucking look like could be so in the volume it doesn't look like the buyers were all interested but if they will we will be in this trade we would move to five minute at 10 we can still like trade at two different charts right now we can watch five minutes and too many confluences but for this particular replay on a two-minute okay so personally if the bid hasn't broken which doesn't look like it will fucking would have broken I'm running a trade right volume I don't think the buyers be interested at all would you add here yeah this will be kind of if it breaks man this will be kind of a new trade pretty much all by itself all right I will original entry that we did we still up maybe about what fucking 5% 2% 3% whatever but yeah it should be more yeah five yeah whatever right all right this is where the fun stuff begins go back maybe if I'm in a trade I get fucking stopped out it looks stupid I think I'm gonna get stopped out for this as well went volume is a lot this would never we entered that we never entered this trade sweet so this the reason of this being such a beautiful patient scandal the first rule ABCD second containment third small and this takes all this right be finishing it up stop-loss is right here the team I think it hit my stop-loss yeah hit my stop-loss no stress all right first trade of the day didn't work for straight of the day small size moon for it I would picking up if we picking up the downtrend we'll trade the downtrend no problem 10 o'clock approaching it broke this here no patient scandal the second now not in yet and nothing we're gonna jump in a five-minute shot soon should book should work alright this week I've been five minutes out approaching 10 o'clock here we go hang on hang on one second hello I that's a courtesy call for the the car that they fixed but anyway I've been five minutes up five minutes shot now what's happening what do you see here right now any patient handled woman any strong trend anything would you trade this no you have a choice what would you trade this right now right and I promise you I can just move forward with five-minute candle just by the click of a button sitting there five minutes is not click a button it's long time I hate say right now do Ricky we're not jumping there's no there's no point at the end of the day there's no point right mostly I don't fucking like this actually stupid probably is because day after Christmas people still celebrating Christmas all right you like this action personally me no the last candle was a small candle look at this candle a small candle or a weird looking candle but with a lot of volume yeah what's the rule what's the rule say here if you were in the trade go
out but if you're not in the trade what's the rule stay away yeah stay the fuck away from this bitch I mean you can go but that doesn't mean you're gonna be smooth like right now it's not smooth I don't like these wicks because if you're in a trade these wicks by the time this candle closes they'll hurt you even more what the fuck is this shit now this is where the question comes what's happening here would you jump it space on the chart is that a patient scandal yes all right the first rule ABCD right which is there you strong this is decent move pull back and now second rule containment contained good small now is this 494.7 20 cents but personally if the way that I am looking at this chart I would be a little bit careful of that 475 just sitting level sitting right at the top because right now if you think about it if you think about it you are basically doing this based on this stuff right now kind of yeah yeah are you just me or you think the same as well 475 right personally me I'll be fucking shitting my pants right here I would rather and this I think I told I was I was going over this stuff on on live of the day as well a couple days ago you want to see a break of the critical level and then get a patient scandal basically break and retest get a patient candle that all of a sudden move becomes smooth the move becomes beautiful yeah personally I wouldn't take it I don't know I don't know I this is the chart fucking I have no idea what's happening all right Ron gave me this chart and I'm trading it I'm just based based on what I'm looking at I don't think I'll be jumping in just because 475 level is right there I would jump in at 475 breaks and then I get a patient scandal just a good level man make sense I don't know what happened maybe I'm fucking wrong maybe I'm big time wrong all right here we go right yeah no yeah crappy crappy action this ain't it all right let's say now we broke 475 now we're gonna wait for a patient scandal yeah we broke 475 the stuff that I was looking for yes we're waiting for a patient scandal the volume looks stupid and I don't think fucking this is gonna go the red candles are more volume no patient scandal but this can be the patient scandal yeah 475 breaks with this kind of maybe I mean at the end of the day trend is still up the trend is still up until let's draw some arrows this second third this potential right it's a highs the trend makes sense well no hey bud I would be angry by now we were not in the trade so it's all right the trend makes sense that means if the trend has to fail it will go below this but if it keep going above 475 the risk is about 12 cents I'll take this if 475 breaks I'll jump in no problem if this 475 breaks I'll jump in stop losses right here pretty contained I like it all right the trend all right let's see all right we're never in the trade the trend's done there you go patient scandal fucking saving you from all this crappy action now would that be this one we consider the patient scandal no I like it the trends gone yeah it makes sense for now trend gone all right it is what it is now the trend is gone what do you do if it picks up for the downside we trade the downside upside that's it I don't think upside by 11 o'clock approaching jump on 10 minute yeah well based on the 10 minute what does it look like fuck it looks pretty smooth huh it looks like that looks like the one but the stop-loss is so fucking wide what the that's a perfect target here 40 cents to make 30 cents yeah the fucking too many breaks yes below yes that is low yeah it's a little bit wide risk a little bit too wide yeah I wouldn't take it yeah no I wouldn't take it this upsets me yeah all right here we go fam now this is not the day not the day all right it is what it is not the day yeah it's not the day this makes sense a little bit we're looking for patient scandals stop-loss get triggered get out otherwise wait for the beautiful setup A plus setups to take a trade and this last one the only reason I didn't take a trade this on this last
thing that we were talking about number one on a 10-minute we haven't broken that on a 10- minute chart it's still holding the trend like on 10-minute chart the trend still nice right but the only reason I didn't like this is the third rule third rule not a small candle big white candle based if the reward was fucking this wide yeah that's a small candle yeah and it's below 475 we know 475 is holding well it could be just getting rejected or 475 to risk 40 cents to make fucking 15 20 cents in it let's go for another one all right go back on a 60-minute remove all the drawings or give me a chart you know give me a stock we'll go with that in your stock which I would not which I usually do not trade yeah in the video trade and trade all the time something that I do not know decent IV you like all these weird names you tell me suck and it's a coin I will go caught oh all right one person I have no idea what's happening one hey let's say we have BAMS all right BAMS let me know when to stop right let's go I heard him say now now I heard him say now around Jan 3rd Jan 3rd early morning right fam Jan 3rd everybody get to Jan 3rd let me know when you ready I'm waiting for you so here are the photos you have asked hey hey sup sup what are you talking about I got a call man sorry fuck are you sending goddamn photos to you hey this is the photos you asked I have no idea what's happening on this but let's go with this fuck the fancy stuff all right we're not drawing no levels let's just jump to two minute chart and see what's happening yeah two minute here we are press pretty much press play at this stage about to open okay hang on hi fam let's get up I'm nervous I'm nervous with this coin man I had never traded this shit crappy weird shit all right let's go and already there hi fam downtrend is already there so now if the downtrend fails if the downtrend fails I think this is one rule one rule that I want you all to write down the pre-market trend is super nice if the pre- market trend is super super nice and as soon as the market opens it fails those lower lows and lower highs the trend can reverse right make sense all right let's see below 150 all right next is when we open or maybe a candle after that all right so far we are holding the downtrend um on a two minute let's see what happens I broke all right this could have been a sucker strategy the very fucking event anyway anyway what's this candle look like yo polish a lot of polish right he said I bought a candle right um again fuck this is hey this is big moves man 144 to 150 god damn okay now what do we need to wait for are we in a trade yet yes or no no we're waiting right 150 approaching should have a little pullback all right here we go push rule abcd a b we have this pullback little pullback on a two minute chart yeah but it's fully contained yeah you like this I like this I think it's fucking bullish I think it's I think it's nice I think you can push so that's the reward wise this can appear this it's happening at 150 as well or a little bit above 150 which I like as well um I don't know where to actually drop this um profit target would be because it's all damn nice um but yeah let's look at this um otherwise I would have levels yeah if I'm actually trading it I would have levels but anyway let's see I'm in a trade the moment it breaks I'm in the trade it's two and a half dollar move that's a nice move two and a half dollar move we got paid take some profit um if I have level if I have a level there if I have a level roughly around 153 yeah but regardless you're gonna trim a little bit as it moves moving all right where's the for this trade now after you trim where's the stop loss break even exactly all right man this zooms fucking playing around now what the fuck is happening now all right sweet so break even stop loss we've taken some profits all right I personally think the break even would have been definitely 100% would have been hit in this all right we jump out now
what do we gain here the contracts that we took off what do we lose nothing right you lose nothing good wish to reward right good wish to reward now um let's see what's happening what I consider that as a patient scandal looks pretty decent pretty decent what do you guys think would you consider this a patient scandal yes or no looks pretty sweet huh looks pretty good 150 point 151.5 all right draw lines I don't know how the oh shit that's a wide stop loss a dollar 50 a dollar 10 how's the pigeon asks up go of this um 150.1 anybody knows the pigeon asks how how wide the spread is I'm pretty sure it's fucking wide on this just a rough idea we take a rough idea maybe you trade this all the time what's why do we should reward um by white pigeon asked I think so anyway regardless we're gonna wait for the pigeon asked to get above we jump in same shit here every time all right 50 to 60 cents all right no definitely definitely you gotta wait for the pigeon asks um all right ah damn this 151 that's 151.6 I don't think the plates be getting above now we know what in the trade fuck nuts nuts all right so what happened here the pigeon asks that we wait for protected us from a right saved us money the first trade that we took beautiful trade made a bunch of cash uh now we're still waiting is the trend still intact let me know in the chat I yes and no I see I see mixed reaction if you said yes why if you said no why it broke the last lower not happen this is all potential this was the last pullback that we had right here remember we re-entered this is the last pullback 148.72 and this is all potential still because we haven't made a new high yet it makes sense so this pullback can go to as long as it hasn't broken this we're still an uptrend does this make sense because this was a pullback where we entered based on a patient's candle next we haven't pulled like yeah of course this we had red candles but there's all potential we haven't made a new high so the trend hasn't you know make sense all right let me get this out of the way for a minute all right we're still waiting uptrend is still there we're still waiting for a patient's candle let's see damn would you consider this a patient's candle yes or no uptrend is there it's bouncing off the view up and I don't know what the fuck's this sticker right crazy it makes big moves um it makes big moves as well it makes five six dollar moves just in general so yeah let's see if based on just a risk to reward if this makes sense if we enter here profit target would be half the day right that's what we're looking at stop loss below the patient's candles uh will this make sense we're risking about $1.80 to make about $1.80 yeah why not and it's above 150 yeah would you take this trade yes or no I have no idea what's fucking gonna happen you you guys are fucking watching the charts right now you're like yeah of course bro nah I wouldn't because I looked fucking it didn't work whatever just from what you see on my charts just let me know would you take this trade personally me I would personally me I would the reason the reason is simple the reason is it's giving me a decent reward especially if it breaks about 150.86 I mean one to one yeah but that's us thinking that's a worst case scenario if the good case scenario can go to 160 but that's a worst case scenario yeah but if it was 50 cents to or if it was a dollar to two dollars risk to reward mark if I was risking two dollars to make a dollar like in this case if the reward was say here I wouldn't take it does it make sense yes or no but here that's a worst case scenario that I think is it can at least go to high of the day that's a worst case the best case maybe 160 but we can't think in best case when we have money on the line so let's see what happens I would take this if 150.86 breaks I definitely would have broken I would be in the trade would I exit no not yet I haven't hit my profit target yet I'm still in the trade that
would have actually paid this candle would have paid fucking huge candle three dollar candle would you get out would you take profit of course where's a where would your um I mean you have some runners but your stop loss for runners is break even I mean you can go to 160 or 155 so we could let the runners run all right 200 right here on a two minute my let's see how it gets rejected um how it respects the 200 on a normal day all right it respects 200 last time when it touched respects 200 on a two minute respects 200 on a two minute all right it respects 200 so yeah it respects 200 that's touching 200 right here I can read the price guy touching 200 there's two choices either might we see a big rejection but still stop losses break even all right so no stress I'm getting a little rejection would you consider this a patient candle looks looks decent looks not bad right Mitch getting there we yes we just checked in the history of the stock 200 getting respected like a lot yeah we just did a minute ago yeah just like three or four days on two minutes why would you jump into trade knowing that 200 is right at the top maybe I'm big time wrong but wouldn't it make sense for it to wait to close above give us a patient's candle and then we jump in what do you say it's sitting right I mean if it was sitting somewhere maybe here yeah we can take the trade towards 200 or maybe it can break 200 right now it's sitting at 200 this makes sense or not yeah just hold the one I know at this point exactly hey maybe I'm fucking wrong find out I look like I am fucking wrong but I would wait for now it closed above now I'll wait for a patient's candle now if we hold above 200 patient's candle will be beautiful make sense do thumbs up sweet oh fucking nice all right you see what happened there ma'am this is literally this is what's called trading price action that's simple if it's simple all right I'm pretty sure we would be we would be breaking when we hit by now of this trade so get rid of this for this stock now to fail the trend for now is this was a pullback yeah for this stock to fail right now doesn't make sense or not based on the trend this is the high low and this is the higher high and it broke this it failed do you understand the trend what's happening on the trend or not we made a new high that means this high low is confirmed because we made a new high we made a high high if this fails the trend is no longer there that's it done yes or no a little bit confusing I know but hey making money if it was that easy fuck everybody be rich see what I'm saying so you gotta scratch your brain a little bit sometimes all right so does this kind of right now looks like the trend is failing to me yes to me looks like all right it should have helped this the trend's failing I'm out of the trade because my break even got hit but to me personally the trend is like yeah whatever the trend failed now would you take this patient scandal play knowing that the trend failed fuck no right I mean you can well hey good luck with that because LTP T comes before P there's a reason it's not called LPT it's called LTP the trend should be before right so the trend's more important would I take this trade no but right now it's 10 o'clock coming up anyway so let's jump on a five-minute chart exactly I don't know how this fucking weird shit moves but anyway all right on a five-minute chart let's get rid of all these levels and everything all right based on the five-minute chart the uptrend still looks good all right still got to wait for a patient scandal five-minute chart the trend's total different everything's total different hence there all right hush this will be considered a patient um I mean it could it could be considered patience but I can do many times getting rejected around this area um all right actually might yeah um I might take to be honest personally if I was trading this I might take this trade if it's get above 152.75 ish yeah if it was me I might take this
trade especially if it breaks above this 75 to be extra safe because it got rejected around here a few times we can say 153 I'm just thinking of if it made a big move we can break 155 156 we can push down to 200 moving average right here yeah the chart doesn't look too clean looks a little bit fucked up yeah all right to be extra safe let's say we take this stop loss all right we're risking two dollars to potentially let's say 155 is the next level it's one-to-one risk to reward all right this will mean the break of a level um yeah this makes sense I actually might not take a trade right here got freaking rejected one two three four five times around this area my rate this makes sense yes or no I'm just you know giving myself a 25 cent safe safe zone it just got rejected too many times um you know yesterday was super weak it was super weak yesterday pre-market was super weak um got rejected a few times yeah I might give myself 25 cents you know safety yeah well let's see if it breaks 153 I'll jump in think in 155 next would I be in a trade no I've broken 153 no I don't like it the volume's not there oh fuck yo wizard shit we're never in a trade now what did I do here what did I do here then why didn't I jump in right at the break of the patient's candle the reason the reason is simple the trend failed then and the trend's gone um or actually maybe maybe we might be holding still holding trend but anyway um the reason is I waited for another 25 cents too many rejections weak price action on a bigger time frame because yesterday's week today pre-market week that means if the pre-market is weak from yesterday's closing price that's it you know what that means that means daily chart on a daily chart we're closing like we're opening way below yesterday's closing price so it's weak yeah so and it got rejected five times this morning so 153 we never got in a trade now the trend will hold till this point which is almost gone fuck it yeah nah all right here we go that's that's going that's that's why I don't trade this crap look at the price action of this man freaking nuts give me some fucking decent stock will ya I want to do this man but you guys giving me stupid names where you gave me the man no wonder why I still hate it um all right it's that bitcoin all right let's do QQQ's all right let's do QQQ's fuck it fuck fancy shit let's go back to basics um all right let me just take a photo of my levels all right am I recording this oh thank god I'm recording this all right um let's go to the 60 minute and we go it's more levels all right we have Jeff let me know when you stop my bro we just stop there just do a hand like this so I know stop you can't go back too much it won't give us too many charts all right December 6th how are you here well 6th right here I have no idea what's happening but right here we drop eight o'clock all right fam get your charts ready December 6th we're about to start it's a excuse to bro how the hell the heck I'm sorry but how the fuck do you guys trade these weird names like isn't it stressful that's just the only question that I ask isn't it stressful to trade all this weird shit fucking not knowing how to how the price action gonna go just curious super curious man that coin made my ears fucking red just back testing that shit right imagine trading that nah all right um hey V is my coffee there man jump in the micro for like 10 seconds all right fam let's do this yeah no it should be good all right 9 30 all right there we go about to start what does it look like on a two minute I want everybody to let me know what does it look like on a two minute yes strong uptrend pretty strong now what can happen what's the rule that I went over if these are highs and high lows do not hold stock I'm gonna downtrend really quick yeah thank you bro yeah if it breaks it can reverse sucker strategy I mean there's two or three different scenarios for sucker strategy one we when we actually gap up right in the pre-market the second when
we have a big news move like CPI came out big news move then all of a sudden quick in within a two minute it made fucking five dollar move and then we are holding those gains that that um but if it reverses it can it can you know reverses it can be a fucking downtrend day let's see so right now where would you put the this is potential but if this fails definitely we're going down right makes sense yes or no why the trend everything can lie price action don't lie that's the only thing I always tell everybody right there's a there's a quote um I I think my accountant fucking my accountant's old by the way he's old dude he's like 70 plus greek he knows the ins and outs he knows how to save me taxes he knows you know he knows everything but he uses this like in God we trust rest everyone should bring numbers I love it like I only trust God everybody else gotta bring numbers um it's the same thing here in God I trust plus everything is all about numbers you know that's a price action so anyway let's see oh my fucking hell all right we're waiting for a patience candle definitely if if it was me man old me I would have taken the trade the break of this but this is like when I had nothing much to lose you know but I didn't have much to lose now my trading has gone to a stage where I'm like I've gone more sensible um but yeah maybe a year ago I would have taken this anyway uh we're still waiting for a patient candle oh far yeah no patience candle still hurts anyway friend we're still waiting man that that's the best bet we have what do we what else do we have all right now that is a patience candle right well let's see how it holds two minute chart really nicely two minute 200 this is the one hack if I cannot live without 200 more energy just look at this it's insane um anyway it holds on a two minute chart really really nicely same shit yo same stuff what we did on coin would you jump in based off this is a yes or no even the trend is weak and you're missing out and you're feeling formal but would you still jump in yes or no the reason is simple simple simple simple reason it can bounce if it can bounce based on this 200 moving average it's worth it so what what else can we do let it break give us a patient's candle we can trade that that'll be worth a little bit more money right all right we broke below now if it gives us a patient's candle now it's fine that's not a is that hey this is the one Steve this is the one that I was looking at before this is what I was shown as an example is this a patient's candle yes or no if you say no why not if you say yes why right not contained in the direction of the move it broke the wall exactly so that's not a patient's candle now we're still waiting for a patient's one right that's pretty nice that's pretty nice candle that's decent is that a patient's candle yeah it looks looks decent that looks decent yeah that looks that looks sexy all right let's draw this boom we're risking about what 20 cents 30 cents to potentially get to the next level that looks that looks all right that looks beautiful yeah I'll take this bomb god damn we the trade yo we okay the profit target should be up about 40 cents should be up about eight ten percent zero DTE maybe 10 10 percent decent move take a little bit profits um what happens about 388 hit 388 take a little bit profits could be another patient's candle setting up now the stop loss this stop loss is breakeven if this is a patient's candle setting up it can move based on this yes we can move lower the trend's weak we have everything that we need right it's enough right now everything that we need we have this is about 30 cents looks decent yes all right there you go fam I got y'all it's not a yes no right you guys fall for me fucking so easy I was doing a test why the low of this candle check the low check right here right the low of this candle 388.03 what's the low of this candle it matters that three cents you might be like yeah who cares no that
matters doesn't make sense so would that be a patient's candle no boom all right don't fall for my crap sometimes I'm just testing you guys all right and yeah I'm like yeah everyone's like yeah I'm like no that's like bro what my dad used to do there was there was a there was an instance um when I was a little kid man I was a little shit all right so bro I'll go I'll go to the fucking um I don't know this may be a little bit too much but I'll go to the fucking toilet bro and I'll instead of flushing instead of brushing the flush I'll just use the toilet brush I'll make the toilet brush dirty and I'll pull it up put it on the side right at home anyway I was a little shit anyway um my dad my dad hated it and uh every time he'll be like who did that I'll just stay there quiet I'll sit there quietly not me like what the fuck you're talking about anyway um you know how I fell for it my dad's like came out and it's like all it is so clean who cleaned that like I fucking did bro like six seven years old oh my goodness oh no that's like um are you been cleaning it every day of course nobody cleans the toilet here it's only me huh my dad fucking grabbed me from my belt like you know he grabbed me lifted me up like this he's like look at that fucking corner of the house full of fucking shit because bro he this man threw me in the wall but I fell for it you see what I'm saying I fell for it him asking nicely I fell for it same way you guys fell for it ah but yeah uh you know I was a little shit but anyway um this is not a patience candle all right so what next would that be a patience candle what do you say yes be nice I like this looks pretty good that looks actually freaking all right the volume's less if it picks up now let's see no we went below a cent what the fuck are you doing one cent no I don't think we'll be in a trade yeah the bids and ask would not have fucking dropped below just one cent all right now now what's happening here this is a question for all of you what's happening here I'm gonna actually bring somebody on fuck it um yeah bam so you do all this weird shit with trading bro you hop on I want to see you understand if you understand I know it's all right um I think wait it broke the trend right because we're looking for puts yeah um it broke the trend because this was um how that's a question um well the last candle broke the trend because of the body and high how I'll cross the top level right here but yeah this is still a potential isn't it because we haven't made any lows after this huh doesn't make sense everybody what happened here is trend picked up right this made the lows right here pull back and we haven't made the lows yet so essentially what's happening here is a higher level essentially this is all potential still why because we haven't made a new low since this pullback huh this makes sense or not this could be a little bit yes exactly wrong this could be a pullback still here look at this a bounce but this one is still potential so where would the trend reverse trend would reverse here who didn't get it anybody who didn't get it because the low is right here this is the lowest of this particular thing I'll go back a couple so that glass cap is a higher a higher low right yeah notice upon a bigger trend what do you see here for now this is the pullback that we had right the price came down the pullback went down again this is the last lower high okay all this is still potential the reason we haven't broken the lows yet if it broke the lows then it's confirmed otherwise still potential this makes sense what is going on everybody's a who didn't get it same mean and it's all right if you don't get it bro you're gonna make money so it's important I said apply it when it's happening live say it again yeah apply when it's happening live yeah exactly all right one more time all right what I'll do is I'll just go back we'll go back here then we'll go slowly we'll start all right let's get rid of all the levels okay trend's going down we're bouncing
off that 200 so for now so that's a lowish this is a this is the highest for now this is a lowish yes so far all clear one step at a time all clear all right this is the highest this is the lowest okay now we're seeing a little bit of bounce in this particular thing look at this it bounced from 388.29 to all the way to 388.95 right because this candle once was a green candle then it gave us a candle now that means this is the low for now this is a potential lower high yeah potential or high up until it makes a new low this is potential or high from the previous one yeah everybody okay if it makes a low boom now is this potential anymore no it's low it's a new low but this is this lower high this is becoming now let's see where how far it goes okay how far this goes if it keeps going we'll keep bringing this arrow down it's confirmed now right all right now this is the lowest right here where it's bouncing but the this is still right here it's still our previous bounce spot where it got rejected that's confirmed lower high yeah this makes sense this is so far the previous bounce spot um rejection spot that's what we have yeah all this is still potential this is maybe we'll go somewhere here for potential let's drop a icon where the looks like yeah all right this is all potential right now all right okay it's still below this it's still potential it could reject here we don't know all right it's still potential the reason we haven't broken the laws yet so if it breaks the law then it's confirmed and then this becomes confirmed fully confirmed like this but so far still potential so here we go yeah we're still waiting yeah has it make made the new laws so still potential all still potential this is make sense because we haven't made the new laws this is the lowest so far up until we make a new laws it's all potential i know on a two- minute chart you might be like yeah it's confusing because it broke the previous no make sense yes or no now Jeff that makes sense now Jeff looks like Jeff looks like he's confused just trend is simple fam up until we make a new laws it's all potential has he made the new laws yet since we pulled back has he made the new laws no so what is this the potential it just hasn't made the new laws that's all if it makes the new laws then it's confirmed so which was the last up until its potential which was the last confirmed this was the last confirmed so that's the boss still all right this one's still the boss the reason this is like not fully ready yet if this is fully ready then this is the new boss pretty much all right now this is done um we're still waiting 10 o'clock's not here yet the trend hasn't broken yet so still good all right could this could this be a patient's camera right here at the top all right i think i cut it out all right man okay you all still see my screen you still see my screen all right i cut out a little bit my bad all right so this is the potential um so but this a b c d setup could be nice a is a b c d b is contained um the third rule is small everything looks good so far um this is right here the trend's still intact okay i think you guys are confusing this with the trend look at this this was a large of this pullback by the way you're gonna go back rewatch all right anyway um would we jump in if this breaks now if it's breaking this it's also breaking 200 at the same time that's nice yeah it's getting so far by the looks of it it's getting rejected of the reverb yes there's some reasons to jump in so the risk is 30 cents yes pretty good the rewards about 50 cents pretty good yeah all right i'm in i'm in the trade now it hasn't hit 10 o'clock so we're still on a two minute chart boom you're still in the trade there's no reason to exit is it right no reason to exit bang and that's 10 o'clock now time to jump on a five minute that's when you play the song all right done um all right then now on a five minute chart what do we see doing a moving average right there boom you switch to five minute you took the trade you're still in the trade you see five minute to win a moving average what do you
do he said turn off computer now we don't turn off computer we we take even a little bit more off i mean you took some profit to the right here you entered um like it's a dollar since you entered all right one dollar move for 30 cent reward uh risk pretty nice right now it's time to take a little bit little bit off good idea right time to take a little bit off good idea leave some runners as break even if you want to but good idea i am i am see what i'm saying right do not ignore 200 moving average i have told when i was recording the i told you all i my dad bro that man never told me what to do okay never like now but he always said what not to do and it was strict don't do this that means don't do this right um and i treat 200 moving average like my father pretty much it just tells me what not to do you know what's telling me it's telling me don't hold beyond me it's not good don't don't still stay in the shot position while i'm here i would jump it out most of it i'll still keep like 10 which will i'll get it out but that's the game we plan that's a big fucking bounce by the way there's a person at your front door all right make sense fam this is going over your head pretty good huh pretty sweet now what happened here and now this is where um it should be more clear now where we marked this before which was potential is that potential now because we made a new noise that's not potential now that's confirmed that's a big boss now right now it failed it went and failed that's it done i mean for me personally the way to sort of trader i am if it broke this level i'm done i'm done i'm done done see him then with this talk i'm done i broke the trend now if it picks up towards the upside maybe i'll trade the upside because the trend failed if it kept going towards the downside i'm done all right that's an ick for me not to keep trading the stock again that's it i'm done make sense yes or no you do this on repeat every single day man you'll be rich it's just hard to wait for those five five minutes i can just go like this look at this this is me i can go here and be like you want to see what happened let's see five minutes are done but within this five minutes within this five minutes the price action probably was like this it makes sense opened here but still close there but within this five minutes it made all these wicks yeah up and down up and down up and down and this is hard this is what trading is hard make sense or not it's still open at the same spot hey it's still opened here but within the five minutes the amount of ups and downs it does is what makes trading hard so what should we do instead stop being so zoomed in on the chart don't worry about these wicks up until you know if it's a critical level that's when you need should be watching fucking closely what's happening otherwise just why not just chill you get paid like this right here you should be watching what's happening around this because low of the day once low of the day breaks you're like all right next level that i have is 200 moving average set your alert watch something else you get paid to do that how nice is that that means for this particular candle this particular candle you're like all right you're still in the trade you set your alert and you took some profit let's say here you set your load because the next level is two on a moving average you set your alert maybe 10 15 cents above it right it'll just like right click and it'll say set alert you set your load that's it now bro watch a show watch some tv literally i'm not joking i'll just you know have fun in the chat while i'm you know we're playing around in the chat the moment your load goes off you come back you're like oh okay ah i'm taking off get done beautiful make sense or not more you watch this more you watch this more old you're gonna fucking be we guys don't care man i promise you like we don't care but it affects our health a lot right go away with girls you know you can put and put on some
makeup no problem done hey guys bro god damn you putting on makeup fucking good luck but regardless the the call here is i'm 24 i look 45 just because i didn't know nobody told me this not to watch this um not not to watch this stuff back in the day i did this for a few years and i aged about 10 years 20 years all right while in the trade have fun and you're not in the trade set your alerts have fun you make more money does it make sense all right now i want you all to do me a favor or do yourself a favor actually i know a little bit late for you guys but if you have time sunday night or actually markets goes tomorrow um i'm sure you guys will have some time the time that you use for trading go back exactly the way how i do it you see how i did it make the chart too small so you're not biased what's happening go back drop the replay feature right here drop the replay just backtest just backtest yo have you tried trade zilla back now bro too fancy from too fancy for my blood i'm old school does it matter how far in time we go not really bro at the end of the day like look at this if you're going to do a minute chart the max max you can go is notice if you hear the max you can go is there's a limit it won't let you go more than depends on your plan but more than 10 000 candles i think depends on how much you pay for it as well there's a limit where it stops right here look at this 25 000 bars will be ultimate if i pay then i have 40 000 bar and i don't give a fuck that's about 600 bucks a month i think the most expensive like 600 bucks a month oh my god no bro i don't care that much um all right so max you can go is december 11 for now but tomorrow it'll be this will be the max so that's why i don't like to go due back because then you have a hard time looking at what's happening all right so just stay that's plenty time man you have all december pretty much jan feb basically a couple months all right all good this is it this is patience candles man the name suggests everything patience just remember the rules that's all that matters all right um let me know in the chat in case you chat just drop your notes if you took notes on a piece of paper just take a photo drop your notch i want to see who's actually taking this stuff seriously all right drop your notes tag me and let me know what what else did you learn the best all right let's take a little photo there come on take a little photo post on instagram my instagram is back we win baby we win all the time you see what i'm saying take a little photo come on fam turn on your cameras show me beautiful faces let me turn on another light um all right we here rob jewett that's fancy fucking with leaves and shit god damn all right ifm let's go victory motherfuckers victory let's go ifm um see y'all later and goodbye let me know what was the best bit about the class all right goodbye all right bro wouldn't let me finish the class come on
cna4u8raki4c72uhjj5gAll right. Welcome back to a brand new module. And this module is called momentum.It's going to be a fun module. We're going to have a lot of fun together for next few videos for sure. You're going to learn a lot of stuff.Now, why is momentum so important? Now let me tell you one quick little thing, right? Understanding what momentum is will change your life. Understanding what momentum trading is will change your finances. And when you put both together, your finances and your life changes forever.But that being said, momentum just is not only in trading or just not a physics or, you know, whatever science word, you get momentum in your life as well. When you start winning one thing, you start winning everything. You get an upward spiral, you get an downward spiral.That's momentum picking up towards the upside or downside, whatever it is. So we're going to go over this momentum. I can have first let's go over.What are we covering in this module? The overview, and then we'll dig deep. All right. Now, module overview.First thing first, we're going to cover is what is momentum? Like everything that you need to know about momentum, make it super easy for you to understand what's momentum. Momentum is usually just made of two words, mass and velocity. We could understand what mass is.We could understand what velocity is. Once we understand that it becomes way easier for us to understand the next one, which is what is momentum trading. Now, if I give you momentum trading, you're not going to like, you will understand stuff based on momentum and momentum trading.You can put it together, which I'm going to put it together for you, which is some chart examples. I'm going to show you some charts. You know, I will look at the charts and we'll see how to identify stocks with momentum.Because once you start identifying what trade momentum, how do you find the stocks with momentum? How do you make money with momentum? The game becomes pretty much like rich. The game becomes rigged towards you. Like you start making money because the game's rigged.You see what I'm saying? And then we'll go over price action momentum, like how the price action picks up. What are some of the characteristics of strong, uh, very, very strong momentum price action. And what are some characteristics of weak momentum price action? You see what I'm saying? And then we're going to jump into volume and price action because
you've got to understand once you know all the price action, momentum, all this stuff, then volume is just a cherry on the cake.You see what I'm saying? Just something that goes on top. And then we're going to talk about four rules of volume and price action that you need to know. If you know this, you will make a lot of money.Okay. There are only four rules of volume. All right.And then the last point, which is where do you find momentum? Like, and then we're going to cover a lot of charts at the end. All right. Now, where do you find momentum? What stocks do you find momentum on? When do you know there would be some momentum? What are some of the data points around the charts, which way, where the momentum will pick up all this stuff is super important.And we're going to go over this in detail. All right. And this is a cool module.This is a fun module. This is a lot of money making module. So get yourself a coffee and let's just smash this out.This is going to be fun. Okay. You're going to love this.All right, let's get started. Jump to the next video and we'll talk about momentum. All right, let's go.
cna4u9c1u0rc72pu60vgAlright, welcome back to a new video. I hope you are having the best day of your entire life, motherfucker. Alright, in this video we're going to go over what is momentum trading.Alright, this is going to be fun. Let's get to it. Make some money. Hey, you're doing well. I'm proud of you. Let's go.Alright, what's momentum trading? Best way to kind of put it is a strategy that tells us to jump into a trade in the direction of the trend and jump out of a position before the whole trade reverses. It simply means wait for the trade. The trend is already there.We jump in. The strategy that tells us to jump into a trade in the direction of the trend, it's uptrend. We jump into an uptrend and we jump out of a position before the whole trade reverses like this.So we jump out roughly here. That's a strategy. It's a strategy that tells us to jump into a trade in the direction of the trend and jump out of a position before the whole trade reverses.Now, we basically want to capitalize on the stock trend. Like we want to capitalize on this. This is where money is made.This is where dollars are made. This is where we print money. Now we don't care about where the trend starts.We don't give a damn about, oh, it starts here. We don't care about, oh, it ends here. Or even if it ends here, a little bit more up.We don't care. Only thing we care about is the money that we can print right here. You see what I'm saying? We do not care about where the trend starts or ends.All we care about is the stock trend that we can capitalize. So the other way to kind of put it is, let's say a train leaves at a station A. This is a train. It leaves at a station A. The destination is D. That's where it goes to.But in the middle, we have station B and station C. We do not care about where it starts. We don't care about where it ends. All we care about is a momentum trader.We care about, only thing we care about is capitalizing on the move from station B to station C. We don't care where it starts. We do not care where it ends. We care about this because this is where big money is made.You get my point? This is how you're going to get rich. Alright? Basically, if the trade is doing this, whatever. We do not care where the trend starts.
Like we give zero dams where it starts. We care about the trend is there. That's what we do in momentum trading.We care about the trend is there. Alright. Let's see, wait for a patient scandal.We get a patient scandal right here. And let's catch the next move. We do not care where it reverses.We can exit here if we want to. Alright. This is station A. This is station D. We want to just catch this move from this point to wherever we exit.That's what we care about. You see what I'm saying? So, basically, it's all about buy high and sell higher. Well, buy high.Alright. Don't worry about where the trend starts. We don't care.We care about buying high. We're day traders, man. It doesn't matter if the... Like I see so many people go, bro, these contracts were dollar a minute ago.Like we do not care. All we care about is 20, 30, 50% returns on our investment. Alright.So, even if it's a dollar a minute ago and now it's dollar 20, we do not care. We want to get in dollar 20 and catch a 50% move to dollar 80 and get out. You see what I'm saying? Stop telling yourself these contracts were so cheap a minute ago and now they're so expensive.Like, bro, we don't care. We buy high and we sell higher. Right.And we would sell even if we have to sell like it can go here. But with weak momentum. We don't care.We want to catch the big heavy momentum so we can make money. We buy high and sell higher. Stop telling yourself these contracts were a dollar each a minute ago and now they're dollar 20.Who cares? We want to get in dollar 20, get to dollar 80, make 50% return. We get out. That's all we care about.Make sense? Or, on the other side, we buy lower and we literally sell lower and buy lower. Basically, you know, buy puts when the price already started going down. Then we wait for a patient scandal.We jump in roughly here. Alright. We do not care.Oh, they were dollar each and now they're dollar 20. No. Who cares? We want to catch this move.Right. The more you keep telling yourself that these contracts were here, there, like the more
you're going to be slow in your execution and more you're going to take losses. Right. That makes sense. We do not care where the contracts were. Only thing we're day traders.We like only thing we care about is catching the move from entry to exit. Doesn't matter where the contracts were five minutes ago, 10 minutes ago, 20 minutes ago, because like this is one big problem I see with people. They do not jump into a trade just because these contracts were here or there or whatever they tell themselves.Right. Because this way, you never going to be able to make money. You're like, oh, these contracts were here.Oh, man, it's already so expensive. It's not. We flip.That's what we do for living. We flip for living. In order to flip, we do not care how much we buy it for.We only care what's the return going to be. Does it make sense? All right. Sweet.I'm glad. Now, this is literally what we call momentum trading. We buy high, sell higher.We sell low, buy lower. Now, the reality here is we do not care about long term trends. Like it could be on a daily chart.It could be trending from last three months. We do not care. No.Again, one more thing. We don't even care about trendy days. Which day is going to be trendy? We do not care.We only care about the trend is there now. The trend is there. It's given me an entry. This is going to be my entry. Patience candle is there at this point. Right.Can we catch a move from this point to the next hourly level with some size? If yes, that's all we care about. Now, of course, if there is a trendy day, we will catch it. But that's not what we care about.We care about if the move has enough mass and enough velocity. Or in other words, on a trendy day, it could be the trend could pick up freaking six hours into the market open. But initially, it's doing this.Like we do not care. All we care about is I want momentum now. The trade that I'm going to take now.Because if you lose money now on this little chop, if you lose money here, I'm sorry. You do not have the buying power or you do not have the money in your trading account to catch the big trend. Right.
We care about momentum now. But. But.Doesn't matter if it's in momentum trading, reversal trading or anything. We like anything could be anything in the freaking world. Like we only going to use LTP framework.Right. We jump into trade based on a trend and patience candles and we take the trade towards the levels. That's what we do.But with momentum trading, you'll be able to spot when the trend can pull back or reverse. Right. With momentum trading, you'll be able to spot where the trend can pull back or reverse.That's momentum trading. Now, is it a perfect way to trade? No, there's no perfect way to trade. It make mistakes.Yes, you might be jumping out of a trade a little bit early. But the profits from correct analysis will be way bigger than the losses that you take or the money that you do not make because you miss a little trade. For example, if the momentum says, oh, this momentum of a stock is reversing.If that's the momentum looks like, oh, you're going to reverse and you jump out at 50 percent gains. Sweet. It might go another 20, 30 percent.Right. And then it reverses. Bro, we do not care.Oh, but it could have not that station. We do not care whether it goes from A to D. We do not care. We want to catch B to C move.You see them then. It makes mistakes. But the profits from correct analysis will be bigger than that.The trades that you do not take. So you'll be making a lot of fucking heck a lot of money. Is it a perfect way to trade? No.But is it a perfect way to manage your emotions? Yes. Is it a perfect way to fucking just consistently make money? Yes. That's what we care about.If you make a thousand dollars a day, every single day. Bro, your life's different. Right.Totally different. So who cares if it's a thousand or a thousand fifty? The goal of you trading is to fucking make money so you live a different life and a better life. That's a goal.Right. I hope so. So who cares if you exit here or you exit here? All right.So now what is momentum for us? Momentum is a rate of change of an asset in respect to time frame. How quickly the stock changes price. That's momentum.Momentum is a rate of change of price of an asset in respect to the time frame, the time
period. Now, because momentum and the time, mass and velocity, when momentum increases, momentum increases towards the upside. I don't know why this is not working, but momentum increases.Let me try one more time. Momentum increases towards the upside. What happens? Price increases towards the upside.Quick happens quick. Quick is what makes money in stock market. Make sense.Quick is what makes money in the stock market. Slow moves does not pay. It just doesn't work this way.All right. Now, when momentum decreases. Man, this is not working.I got to turn the PowerPoint off and on again. When momentum decreases quick, price quickly decreases too. In short period of time.That's what we care about. Now, momentum strategy can be used to trade stocks moving with very strong momentum in a trending market. This strategy is super popular with day traders, swing traders.It just focuses on strong trends and momentum. That's the best bet. It provides great opportunities to make a lot of money in a short period of time.That's what we care about. You want to make money now. You want to make money today.You don't want to make money six hours from now. You want to make money now. We care about the train.Leaves from station A, goes to station D. We do not care. We want to catch a move from B to C. That's what we care about. Make sense.Now, only strategy that helps us make a huge percentage return in a short period of time. This is the only strategy. Quick, money, made, done.Job's done. Right. Make sense.That's what momentum is for us. Now, I know. Hey, you're doing well. I know. Keep going. Keep pushing.I'll see you in the next one. Yeah. Just think about it.All right. Think about what I just said. Maybe re-watch this video.Maybe it's a good idea. You'll watch this video a little bit differently than to just what you watched a minute ago because now you know the context. Go re-watch this and seriously do it.
All right. See you soon.
cna4u9jaki4c72uhjj6gAll right, what is going on? Hope you're having the best year of your entire life. In this video, we're going to go over a very important topic. We're going to go over some charts.The charts that I drew myself. Took me too long, but yeah. All right, so anyway, so in the last video, we discussed how important it is to kind of, you understand the momentum in trading.How important it is that we do not care about where the trend starts, where it ends, all sort of stuff, right? Now I'm going to give you one quick thing, and you better take a screenshot and print this out. If you can't print it out, print it out. If you can take a screenshot, take a screenshot, do whatever you want with it.And it goes like this. So this is where the money happens. Now you see money right there. This is money. So you make money, money, money, no money. Move time.Quick move happens in less period of time. That's relatively strong. That's where money is made.Quick move. It's weak. Like think of it as a, think of it as relatively strong or relatively weak point of view, right? If market is in the middle, right? Market is in the middle.You, if something is stronger than the market, there's momentum in it. There's money to be made. If something is weaker than the market, there's momentum in it.There's money to be made. So we only care about, now a lot of people trade SPY and QQQs, I do too, but understand when we trade SPY and QQQs, we're trying to trade this, this black line right here. You can make money.Yes. But it's very easy to make money on the stocks which are relatively strong or relatively weak comparatively to SPY and QQQs. Let's say if SPY, this is SPY and we have this on Tesla, right? That means from open price to SPY made 1% move, whereas open price to Tesla made 5% move.Which one's strong? Tesla, right? Tesla is super strong. On the other side, we have a stock which is up just 1.5%. Now, is that relatively strong? Yeah, it is. But which one would you trade? Of course, Tesla.Now, if this is the market 1% and we have, say, Netflix or Nvidia making 5% move down, this is way weaker than the market. Way weaker than the market. It's either this or Tesla or Nvidia, they're going to actually make money.Does it make sense? Now, the money is only made on relatively stronger or relatively weaker stocks. That's why sometimes you find hard to trade SPY. I feel like a lot of people find it easy to
trade SPY just because it's 0 DTE, you know, it pays well, it takes money slowly away.By the way, that's my cat. Anyway, a lot of people trade SPY and QQQs because of 0 DTE and it pays quickly and takes a little bit of money away when it doesn't work because of 0 DTE. But I feel like if you know how to trade relatively strong names and relatively weak names, you'll make a lot more money.It's the way it works. Now, the goal for us here is one very, very clear goal. Buy when there's strong momentum, sell when we see the signs of weakness or signs of momentum slowing.Now, there's no way of us finding out when the momentum can pick up unless the stock is breaking a big level. Otherwise, there's no way of us to find out when the momentum can pick up. The only thing we can do is let the trend start already, then gives us a patience candle and then we trade that and we enter here and we exit here and this from station B to station C, right? We do not care where the A started, like right here.We do not care where it ends, station D. We want to catch our move with decent size, decent big enough size so we can keep our win rate up and we can make a lot more than just playing around, right? Now, we're still entering just based off like, bro, if you enter just based off all this momentum there and you do not actually wait for the patience candles, you're going to take big losses, all right? So, be very, very careful. So, we need to be careful of four more phase that I explained in accumulation distribution, public phase and formal phase, right? There was a full momentum about it, full module about it. So, accumulation is basically this.There's accumulation, accumulation happening. Then we get into public phase. Public phase is price starts going up with momentum.Of course, they're going to be a little bit of pullback, whatever. And then this is where we enter, where we exit and then we start getting a lot of pullback, but this time the volume here, the volume is insane. And then this formal phase where people are just entering the volume drops, the momentum slows down, volume drops, the candle get a little bit funny and then the trade reverses.And this is accumulation. This is public phase. This is formal phase.And this is distribution. You see what I'm saying? Our goal, yours and my goal is to catch, not this, but catch from this point to this point, which we can and nothing else. We can in the reversal module, it would be the next module, we will learn how to catch these moves towards the downside as well.But for now, I just want you to understand that we got to be careful of the formal phase when you're trying to find the momentum so you can jump out of a trade. And I will explain this. All right, sweet.Now, let's look a couple of charts. All right. Now, what do you see on this? What do you see on
this? Let me explain.All right. So what's happening here? We have momentum picking up. It would be like, let's say, accumulation happening here.A lot of accumulation happening, finally broke out of accumulation. We picked up the momentum, basically that we're not in the trade yet. So we're waiting for patient scandal.So it gave us a patient scandal. We jumped in. Volume dropping on a patient scandal. We jumped in. Sweet. Entry right here.Stop loss right here. We took the trade, took some profits right here. We took the trade. Gives us another entry. Everything looks sweet. Volume dropping.Everything looks sweet. But now we saw it made a new highs. The volume is significantly dropped from the previous one.Look at this. Volume significantly lower. This is called public phase where we make money. We enter here. We make money till we find signs of weakness. We jump out.Could be here. Could be here. We jump out right now.This is happening is formal phase. Why? The volume is significantly less. Significantly moment we made a new high.Look at these new highs. The volume is not there. That is called a formal phase.There are strategies we're going to watch. We're going to keep an eye on to catch this reversal coming forward. But in the next modules, there would be.But for now, I just want you to understand that this move you could have avoided if you're in calls, which you would be, you know, break even at this point because there's a quick move or you can jump into puts based on reversal module. Look at this momentum picking up towards the downside now. Make sense? So which one is a formal phase here? Formal phases like this.This is formal phase. Formal phase. We are making new highs, but low volume.You get my point? Now, let's say, let's say from here the trend is still up. This is this is lowest. This is higher lowest.This is higher lowest. This is highs. This is higher highs.This is higher highs. And this is another high high. The trend is there.But accumulation, public phase, formal distribution is what we need to pay attention to. But
now, anyway, this is what you see right now. And if the stock gives you a patience candle, would you jump in towards the upside? Now, you saw that these red candles have a lot of volume coming down, but it's giving you a patience candle.The trend is still holding. I mean, the trend is still holding. We have lows, higher lows, high lows.And this is the point. And it's making potential high lows right now up until it makes new highs. It's potential high lows.But the volume is a lot. So what do we do here? Do not have to go full on crazy about it. Whatever is the pullback, let's say 100 to 98 is the pullback.Just half of this. If you want to jump in, just go get out at 99. Just half.Doesn't have to be exact to the dot. Just visually what you can see. Just half of it.All right. If you want to jump in, this is your stop loss. If the risk jump out here, if that makes sense.And that kind of look like this. Look at this. Entry, half profit taking.So basically what we did was pullback divided by two. This. And that's our profit taking for this.Does this make sense? Just because the volume was insane on the red candles and we saw the formal phases, the formal phase is active here. We like, oh yeah, the formal phase is active. The momentum is, you know, picking up toward the downside and it's giving you an entry towards your side just because of the trend.You can take the trade, but get out half of the original trade. All right. Now what happened? On these green candles, we have comparatively less volume than these red candles, right? Less volume.You'd get out at half. No problem. And then what happens is we have a reversal.Now, what do we do here? Do we just jump into a put? No. Why not? Because the trend is still up. This is lows.This is high lows. This is high lows. This is all potential high low up until it makes a new high.It's all potential. This is all potential. Up until this level, this price does not break this or it does not break the trend line, which is forming right here.It's all still in an uptrend. Do we just jump into puts? No. Even though the volume on these red candles is insane, we do not.Why? Because the trend is still up. All right. We need either the trend line break one or we need the trend break two.
Now, in this case, let's say it starts giving you a patience candle right here. You saw the patience candle has less volume. You saw there's a weakness on the overall name.We failed to make a new high here. All right. There was a lot of volume on this red candles.There's comparatively less volume on these green candles than these red candles. You saw there's a trend line forming at the bottom. You saw there's a patience candle setting up.You saw that if I enter here, my stop loss be here. It's breaking this trend line at the bottom. It can't pick up.And this green candle has less volume comparatively to the previous candle, the red candle. That means the buyers are super weak. The sellers are taking over.Would you jump into trade right here? Yes. Your stop loss is very contained. See what I'm saying? Now, if it picks up, if it kind of gives you if you still want like a decent enough or a high quality or a plus way to kind of jump in, like this could be a starter position, like say one contract, right? One contract for puts.And then you might be like, all right, this breaks. I'll jump in another one. Sweet.No problem. And then this, if this breaks, the trend is fully reversed. Like we know for a fact. Look at this. These red candles are picking up. All right.We know that the momentum is picking towards the downside. If this breaks, we can pick up towards the downside and then it gives you a patient's candle right here. Would you jump in here? Of course, you go nuts here.Why? Because you have everything. All the boxes are ticking. This is called momentum.Does this make sense? This is called momentum. Now, let's go with this one more time. We had a lot of volume.This is the trend starting out. We do not trade this, but we traded from this point to where we saw that, OK, the volume is not making sense of making highs. The volume is not making sense.You know what? Let me jump out here, wherever, right? This is FOMO phase. So we're not in puts yet, right? Because it's still in uptrend. But these red candles have a lot of volume.You're like, oh, shit. Why do these red candles have a lot of volume? But you're getting a patient's candle anywhere. Like, you know what? Let me do a small size.But half of this, I'll jump out. Half of this, you jumped out. And then the trend price comes here, making a patient's candle right here.
You're like, OK, so these red candles have way more volume than the green ones. Sweet. There's a trend line forming right here.If it breaks a trend line and the patient's candle at the same time, it will be a fun move towards the downside. But I can jump in one contract here. If I have to, you do not have to.But if you have to, yes. But if it breaks the original trend, because this is all potential up until it breaks this point, right? If the trend actual confirmed higher low breaks and the trend reverses, I'm going to jump in. You can jump in 10 contracts, 20 contracts, whatever, and you can make this money.This is called momentum trading. You paying attention to the candlestick, you paying attention to the volume, you paying attention to how fast the price moves, you paying attention to, you're just basically changing the whole way you trade. Make sense? Right.Sweet. Now, please, please, this is very, very important. Do me a favor. Re-watch this video. Re-watch this video for yourself. Don't do me a favor.Do yourself a favor. Re-watch this video. You need to re-watch this because you'll pick up a couple other things.All right. Peace. Doing well.Go re-watch this. All right. See you soon.
cna4u9vi3goc72viv9sgAll right, what is going on welcome back to a new video in this video we're gonna go over how to identify stocks with momentum Now there's a way there's a way. Okay. There's a way Let's go over.What's the way? How do I identify stocks with momentum now? There are a couple ways kind of to do it now first way is called price action analysis. Second way is called indicator analysis Okay, so Price action And indicator They're both good. Okay, there's no favorite But because I don't like to analyze indicators as they themselves are made of price action So kind of i'm always tilted towards Just price action.They're both good price action and indicators but every single indicator Is actually made out of price action. So why not just analyze price action keep things simple Right fun stuff All right. So let's go over price action momentum This involves bar by bar analysis of the stock chart, there's no other fancy way Okay, every single bar say when you're on a two minute chart every single bar tells you a story Or five minute same shit ten minutes same stuff.All right, every single chart tells you The bar by bar analysis now you're going to do it candlestick by candlesticks one candlestick at a time Now if you think about it if you think about it Candlesticks provides us a lot of info that we require now. It tells you open price of the given time frame. So like this So this is a candlestick.It's a red candlestick. Let's say It tells you the open the open price right tells you the high of that time frame the high Tells you the low of that given period which is low and tells you the closing price of that given period Now Overall, it's called oh h l c. Okay open high low close All right, every single chart that you see like this is just I don't know if you haven't noticed But every single chart that you see it tells you on the top. Oh h l c open high low close of that particular candle Okay now We have open price of that candle if the next open price is Like right at the same price point that it means these red candles are moving lower.That means It's telling your story It could be momentum picking up. Why why are you moving lower? Anyway, let's go And another big thing just by looking at a candle. We can easily tell who's winning the battle bull the bears Look at this.You look at this candle. It's a red candle looks like This who's winning this battle Red candle opened here high went here Low is here closes here who's winning this battle sellers. So every single candle tells us who's winning the battle Right now there's one trick one trick that i've learned over time and that is Momentum is a rate of change of the stock price in a given period All right, that's momentum You can simply compare the current candlestick the candlestick that we are on now With the previous candlestick to tell what's going on with the momentum All right So if this is the previous candlestick red Current one is this You can be like, oh, okay last candle such a huge range this candle such small range Yeah You see what i'm saying? You
simply can compare the current candlestick with the previous one do not have there's no fancy There's no fancy stuff.Just you can compare the current one with the previous one. That's simply it now Let me give you an example. What's happening here? Red red red Momentum is there this is where the market open momentum is there price is pushing down, right? but then We have this a huge move a huge move Looks like buyers one here Sellers were in control, but why did the buyers got to take over? Oh something's fishy What happened Buyers got control right here sellers tried again couldn't do this Picked up towards the upside Now, how can you tell this is going on by reading candlesticks? so We're gonna do it Now fun stuff happens We have to do it candle by candle All right.What's this candle telling you from the previous one? It's pretty much engulfing the previous candle that means Okay, buyers are taking control Okay, then the next candle happened or maybe not. Let's wait. Let's sit down wait if you input Maybe it's a good spot to kind of like oh shit.Let me get out Let me get out doesn't matter if you're on small loss because you don't want to get caught up in this Right. So let's talk about a little bit of candlesticks and then we go over right? So If it's a green candle If it's a green candle Pushing all the way up what's happening? It's a green candle opened right here The moment it opened to the moment it closed. It was all green There was there's no wick at the top or bottom.That means a lot of bulls are taking over All right, the bulls are taking over it's very bullish Sellers had no chance It's usually the sellers that push make the wick sellers had no chance to make a wick zero very bullish the next one is It opened here It closed here, but the high of this candle is right there that means this area was covered by sellers But this area for um was covered by buyers But buyers at one stage took over the whole thing Then the sellers took over but buyers still have more control than the sellers. What's that telling us that's telling us less bullish Okay, a little bit less bullish It's still strong, but a little bit less bullish, but if the sellers are able to take control of this much Now by the sellers have more control over buyers. It's less bullish.I need the bullish. It's getting less and less bullish here Buyers, uh, here's the sellers the buyers But this is where price opened sellers took over buyers took back Pushed higher buyers sellers took back now again this cut out with this. Basically.This is the thing It's pretty much a neutral or pretty much a very very very less bullish candle Then we have a neutral candle neutral candle means we opened closed here buyers You see sellers took over then the buyers took over then sellers took over again same distance covered by both It's a neutral candle makes sense Now on the other side on the other side when you look at this price opened here closed here Highs here Lows here What's that telling you? It's still pretty low Um, it's low bearish It's still bearish because sellers still had a little bit of more control because they were able to control they didn't let it close like this but still less um less
bearish this one This area was covered by bias at one stage, right? They push it up. Now. What's this less bearish? small even less, um, that's like Getting towards very very bearish now and this Bias had no control It opened here closed here Literally dumped that's very bearish.All right, so take a screenshot of this No, I could take a screenshot of this All right, so this is important Hope you took a screenshot All right, very important type of candlestick It tells us a story Sweet now that's all about this video in the next video. We're going to talk about the characteristics of strong momentum price action All right, you're gonna be fun. Hey, you're doing well.Keep the momentum up. I'll see you in the next one. All right. See you soon
cna4u9vi3goc72viv9t0Well, welcome back to another video in this video we're going to go over some of the characteristics of strong momentum Price action. All right, it's gonna be fun. So it's smooth Ah damn so smooth slowly Man I love technology, but I don't understand it, but I love it All right.Let's go over characteristics of strong momentum price action. Now this right here Is a strong momentum what do I mean by that? Let's go over it So right here we have little momentum the size of this candle small candle Little momentum the size is this size picking up momentum increasing Size picking up momentum increasing momentum very strong You see what I'm saying? This is literally it when the candlesticks become bigger and bigger The size becomes bigger and bigger that means momentum is picking up All right. No, it doesn't always look like this You're gonna look like Then get small get big again Basically If it has the candle is getting bigger than the previous one.You want to see volume bigger than the previous one as well or roughly Volume rising one or two candles can have like a little bit less volume. No problem But then it should pick up again Like this you see what i'm saying? That's characteristics. That's it.Number one now second thing that we want to pay attention to is we want to we want to See increase in thrust now, what's thrust? Thrust refers to write this down thrust refers to the distance between the current Swing high write this down on piece of paper, right? Thrust refers to the distance between the current swing high to previous swing high in an uptrend Okay Now what do I mean by that just write this down i'll show you All right done All right, sweet Thrust refers to the difference between the current swing high to the previous Swing high in an uptrend. This is what I mean same chart We just drew the stuff. So thrust means The moment it breaks the previous highs And makes a new high the distance between this to this point Is this it's the same error? I just duplicated these arrows.Look at this The thrust is actually getting bigger like this is this wide and then this wide The distance from this current swing high the new swing high and the current swing high the The difference is called thrust so whenever Like simply increased thrust is a sign of potentially trend strength all right, if the thrust is going up that means the distance between the current swing high to the previous swing high is Getting bigger than the previous one. So a b and c C should be bigger than b b should be bigger than a make sense That's thrust All right, every time I make breaks the previous high it should make even further the new highs Make sense now we want to see a decrease in depth while the While the thrust is going up. So depth pullback refers to the difference but Difference with which a price retraces the previous up move or impulse move That means this pullback the difference of this pullback should get smaller.So it's the same error with this This pullback Then this is a pullback Then this is a pullback Right. It's getting smaller and smaller That's called depth Make sense. The depth is the difference from the high to this The high to this This so basically what we're seeing here is we want to see
candlesticks getting bigger.That's a first second thing we want to see is thrust Getting bigger right difference These differences like this this this third thing we want to see is depth becoming Smaller this right here these pullbacks these pullbacks becoming smaller Make sense. Okay. These are three characteristics.There's some more observations If we get a big range candle the momentum is accelerating all right At the same time we want to see Increasing thrust we want to see decreasing depth This can work for the upside this can work for the downside is this perfect no, but it will pay you a long haul three characteristics candlesticks getting bigger Thrust getting Bigger depth becoming smaller Okay, every next pullback should be a little bit lesser visually Than the previous one doesn't make sense That's literally what strong momentum feels like now in order to understand strong momentum even more you gotta Know a little bit about weak momentum so you can compare them both. All right So in the next video, we're gonna go over weak momentum price action and then you'll be like, huh? This is what happened in the strong momentum This is what happens in a weak momentum and it'll be a little bit more clear. All right, keep going Please watch the next video now.Don't take a break. It's important. All right, then you'll be able to understand this better. Let's go You're doing well, eh? Let's fucking go
cna4u93aki4c72uhjj60All right, welcome back to a new video. Hope you're doing well Man, I tried to fix my hair That's the best it goes Almost bald now, but hey, it is what it is Let's go over. What's momentum? What is momentum? All right now Momentum is simply inertia in motion.That's what momentum is. Okay. What do I mean by that? That simply means Okay Once we have a like a snowball All right small mass Picks up velocity Becomes a little bit bigger A little bit bigger because it carries more snow And it keeps going down You see what i'm saying? Or also it can kind of go like a stone chasing a man Inertia in motion mass times velocity momentum is mass times velocity.What's mass here? What's velocity downhill All right or a bicycle, right or a bike You're sitting on a bike. What happens? Going down the hill you're gonna get faster and faster. Why because you're the mass.This is the velocity Now that means if something is moving there are two things that can affect it momentum One is mass other one is velocity Now think of a very very tiny very tiny stone It's very very small mass. Yeah, maybe you know not so much But this size yes a lot why because mass matters velocity matters too a big stone but very tiny slant like say This is still a lot. You don't want to be in front of it See what i'm saying? Bigger the mass velocity doesn't really matter if If it's like this this land small mass if i'm gonna kill you See what i'm saying? That means there are two things that affect your momentum.All right now the best way to describe this is I'm gonna give you two examples, right? Who would you think is gonna break a wall? First one is a mosquito All right second one's a truck the mosquito is flying flying fast All right, a lot of velocity, but the mass is small Here it maybe is not as fast as a mosquito But the mass is low who would you bet your money on is going to break the wall? This is what happens First the truck what happens when the truck hits? Boom, the wall's gone Now the mosquito boom Oh man, look at like what happened to him Right. Hey, see you later. Goodbye Now why? Because of the mass truck has mass mosquito do not See what i'm saying? Now, let's look at velocity Now i'll give you example of baseball.All right, which one would you be able to catch a little kid throwing a ball a year? You'll be able to catch that Or a professional baseball player throwing literally 100 miles an hour a year, which one would you be able to catch? Or you would bet? Of course the kid right why The you know, the velocity gonna be small even though the mass is same the velocity gonna be small All right, you see what i'm saying? So hence it's easier to catch right? So another example would be A bullet, there's a bullet And an apple the mass is small Mass small tiny but velocity It's probably going at what freaking thousand miles an hour Whatever it is Right, and this is what happens bank See you later apple Now the bullet what happens mass is super small Velocity is big hence it kills Right on the other end we have an oil tanker It's big Massive or like a very big Right now the mass Is big Velocity It's probably going a few miles an hour It's small But still a lot of
momentum. You don't want to be in front of it You know swimming in front of it Why i'm probably gonna crush you you see them then so oil tanker Mass is big Velocity small hence. You don't want to be in front of it You see them then in this case.What was it? The mass was small Mass was smaller than velocity and helms What happened? It'll kill Now they both have difficult they're both very difficult to stop why because they both have momentum You see them then And that was momentum Right, that's literally it momentum is simply mass times velocity That's momentum if there's a lot of mass velocity even a little bit a lot of momentum Now what does that mean in trading don't stress right now, I just want you to understand what's momentum first If it's a lot of velocity Like a bullet and the mass is small doesn't really matter there's still a lot of momentum All right. So basically If it's big mass big velocity That's nuts Okay It makes sense this mass in trading would be your candles I'll freaking fly candles velocity would be your volume See them then the speed that it's dropping. That's what we look after.That's what we want, right? So that's momentum. All right now in the next video we're going to discuss what's momentum trading and that's all you need to know for now It's okay. Just take a chill pill relax and i'll see you in the next one.All right, let's go
cm59k6vpf0ic72qptu00Hi fam, what is going on? Welcome back to another video in this video. We're gonna go over Where should you be taking profits or losses? Like where what's the point? Okay, so let's start If the stock is moving and you know, it's moving the first thing that comes should come to your mind is hourly profit targets Now, what are hourly levels? I showed you how to make hourly levels So if you're entering at 800 next level is 810 810 is where you need to take profits take 50 off if you can All right, take 75 off if you're doing 10 20 contracts take 18 or 17 or 15 off You see what i'm saying? Now that's hourly profit targets very very very important So you can scale out 810 next is Say, um 816 level you took out 50 you take out another 10 So that means out of 10 contracts if you sold five already you'd sell another one now you're still holding three 823 is the next level You take another one off everyone every hourly level you take something off Okay, sweet because you could understand one thing fam, um with when you're trading options a position can Like i've seen this happen. It has happened to me as well a position can literally go from 100 profits down to Um, 25 percent or 50 percent loss with options, so you need to take some profits Okay, very important now actively take profits during choppy market conditions Like scarp small gains when you see markets choppy and you see there's not enough move like you see spy Or qqq's are being choppy and you're like, you know what man? There's not enough juice in the whole game and you're trying to trade apples buying qqq's are choppy You know what? Let me take profits quickly Every 10 i'll take some off Or rather be quick.You see what i'm saying first sign of weakness on the level two. I see stacked I'm gonna get it out slowly a little bit a little bit a little bit very important Okay. Now one thing I always tell everybody do not multitask when you're in a trade now, what do I mean by that? It's very very simple rule that I have if you're buying positions From your point and you have tendency to multitask let's let's say let's say you are driving You're driving and you're trying to take a position You like literally you're setting out yourself up for failure and pain in the long run like think about it, man You're competing against people like me who have four screens running right at this stage Like you want to see this is what what I have going on right now You want to trade off your point? Let me show you let me show you what you who you're competing against All right, I don't know if you'll be able to see but You came here, all right This is my screen right now.You see this four Different screens. This is my screen right now I have four different screens and you're competing against me in a way because we Literally are chasing this say this or there's only same amount of money on the table or people like me Who are fully professionals? And you're trading off your phone while you're driving you're setting up your literally setting up yourself for failure and pain in the long run It's very very important Very important not be one of those people All right You need to reflect on your behaviors habits flaws Every time you see something moving every time you get alert on your phone of somebody sending a message You're like, oh my god, I'm feeling formal. Let me jump in a trade now It's very important to self-reflect and ask Why do you indulge in these type of behaviors that it gives you a formal
when someone else is printed? Oh, he's taking this trade.Let me jump in and it's too late. You need to hold yourself accountable Why? Why am I making these mistakes? Now in is it just due to laziness? Maybe you're just half committed to trading and you're not able to handle your emotions because you don't want to go, you know, because you can't see yourself go from red to green to red to green and These emotions like you're trading emotionally Now in order to be successful and separate yourself from all the fucking losers Like the average josh moe motherfucker who's trying to trade man who has no idea the sucker We call them suckers, right the average trader who is a sucker You want to literally separate yourself from those people you must constantly reflect on yourself your habits and your flaws you see the difference between me and the difference between Someone who've been trading five years and still losing money. I keep myself accountable.I know when I make mistakes I know i'm very quick at reflecting on my own mistakes my habits my flaws the stuff that's actually hurting me I'm, I know when to fix them Because I keep myself accountable to all my actions And I constantly need to improve myself. This is trading. This is the stuff that you do See what i'm saying you start winning once you start winning, you know, what made you win now you do more of those man This made me win.You know what i'ma do more of this this made me win i'ma do more of this It's very very important. You must hold yourself accountable for all your actions And constantly try to improve yourself if you want to make money in trading Period very important. See what i'm saying Where should you be taking profits hourly levels, of course your emotions will get involved which is why You need to follow a system and I just gave you a system.All right now Another method of taking profits is based on You know And this is not another method. Actually, this is just like if you think if you know for a fact, okay Stocks move. This is how stocks move They move from one level to the next level You know 800 broke Retested sweet give your patience candle Next even if there's a pullback here, you know Somewhere that as long as the trend as long as it's making lows high lows high lows As long as the trend is holding this potential high low as long as the trend is holding 810 can hit You see what i'm saying Once you understand L t p once you understand levels are there to help you Then you need trend you see this High and this is highs is higher highs You see what i'm saying? This is potential high low why because we haven't made a new and we just made a new low so this is a higher low and then This is potential higher high still and this becomes a higher high the moment we start coming back potential high low As long as the trend analysis, you know how to do if you don't go back to the module again Watch that if you want to make money and b is patience fucking fucking candle All right level to level now, you know levels why they're there then you don't need to do trend analysis Then you need to do patience fucking candles Okay, so you can literally catch the bigger move and keep adding to your winning position the Only thing that I will say here that you might need to change for yourself is literally Don't be don't get married to your levels Okay, if it's 800 and next level is 810 and you see some weakness happening around 8 or 9 Okay, take some off if you see the candle trying like three times you
tried and it couldn't Couldn't get to 8 10 and this is 8 or 9 And these are 5 minute candles.They're 15 minutes every time we try to be close below 8 or 9 Take take 70 position off or whatever position off So you take most of it off because you see some weakness happening These are red candles happening around the critical level and every time we try to break it. It's not able to break take some off It's okay you get my point And it's very very important in the next video. We'll go over Why should you have trading rules if you want to succeed and some of the trading rules that I have? And what noble, you know, what's the difference between pro traders moving forward? Let's freaking go you got this go grab a drink and i'm gonna go get a drink as well.I actually needed another coffee So you're good. All right. I'll see you in the next one. Peace
cmv0dvkn3vqc72r1d8r0All right, welcome back to another video. In this video we're going to talk about why do people go off track or what do you do when you go off track? Right, it's gonna be fun. Man, I'm tired a little bit.I think I'm tired. I think I'll record this probably call it a day. Yeah, I think I'm tired or maybe, hey, might be a time for coffee.What do you say? Maybe I had three coffees today only. Yeah, I think so. It's a coffee time. I'm not tired. It's a coffee time. Beautiful.See how easy it is for me to have coffee. Press the button. All right, press the button and grab the little motherfucker.There it is, the little little bastard. That goes in the coffee machine. I used to use extra cups for coffee, like these cups for my coffee.Man, then I have to wash them. I'll leave them here. They'll be like too hard to wash.Then my wife be like, you gotta wash this stuff or at least put it in the kitchen. Now, I bought myself these paper cups. $25 for 500 cups and I use these and it's been the biggest hack.You see this? I just leave it here. Then I chuck it out and I'm cleaning my office every day after I finish work. Done.Job's done. Serum's in. Hey, smart. Smart move. Smart move. That's it.By the way, hey, you know the coffee I like? I'm sorry. I know I'm talking crap right now. You know the coffee I like? I like a normal coffee.I can't stand motherfuckers who put sugar in their coffee, man. Especially, I know a dude, we went for coffee one day. It was, I don't know what he wanted to discuss.But anyway, no jokes. You gotta trust my word. This man had a small cappuccino and he asked for five sugars.How much? How much? Five. Five. And I just, I was like, bro, that's not sugar in a coffee.That's coffee in the sugar. I'm like, you're not putting fucking sugar in a coffee. That's like fucking putting coffee in your sugar.But anyway, motherfuck. We're here. All right, my coffee's ready.
Let's fucking talk about what to do. What to do when you go off the track. All right, let's talk about what to do when you go off the track or why you go off the track in the first place.Now, deviating from your rules, plan, strategy, your main thing that you should be doing or not focusing on the main thing and not keeping your main thing. The main thing is what it means when you get off track. The main thing in trading is literally in life, man.The main thing is to keep the main thing, the main thing. All right. And when you get off it, deviating from your rules, strategy, plan, everything, you're going off track.And going off track oftentimes or almost every time, you're gonna blow up in your fucking face pretty much. Now, let me ask you a question. Just close your eyes before I ask you.Close your eyes. I promise you I won't scare you. Close your eyes and I'll ask you this question.All right. Why do most people deviate from the rules or plans that would most likely lead them to tremendous amount of success if they simply followed their rules? Why do most of the people deviate from the rules? If they know if they keep following the fucking rules, they'll be rich. Why do people do it? Open your eyes back up.Why do you think people do it? Why do you think people do not follow the rules? Even they themselves know if they fucking follow it, they will get rich. Why do they get off those rules? Same shit when someone tries to lose weight, what happens? They know if they're fucking overweight, they're probably going to die of a heart attack. But why do people not eat healthy? Why do people keep doing the stuff that they're doing? The root cause of all this literally is lack of discipline.This is so fucking huge. So huge. So huge.Lack of discipline. Now it's important. It's very important to actively think about what areas of your life literally lack discipline.It's one of the most important things to sit down and actually try to understand where do you need discipline. Write them down. Write them down.Rank them depending on which factors, which things affect the most. I do this every single month. I go over what things do I need to do in my life so I become like a disciplined person overall.Because your trading is what you do outside trading. That brings everything in trading. So I ask myself this question.What do I need to do in order to become the most disciplined person that I want to become? So you write things down. Write things down like, been smoking too much or been drinking too much or lack of personal connection or relationship touch with my family, with my friends. I need discipline to call my grandmother every fucking third day.
I need discipline to call my parents every second day. Write things down. Rank them depending on how much they affect you if you do not do it.Learn to correct these behaviors. Learn to correct them. Bro, do it for fucking yourself.Can you do it? Yeah, you can. Learn to correct these for yourself. These are habits because they indirectly affect your trading.I promise you. Okay. It's so important.Now, bro, mental endurance is one of the most important strengths of having lasting career as a full-time trader. As anything man, you've got to be mentally strong. Shit happens.If shit happens, who cares? Move forward. Some people sit there and start stressing and keep stressing about things. Bro, you'll always find a fucking way, all right? Stop stressing about shit that you know that, okay, no problem.If you can't control it, don't stress about it. But mental endurance, you will become stronger over time. You will.You have to, all right? Stop crying about every fucking little thing. Stop telling people what fucking went wrong with yourself. Sit the fuck down and write down what went wrong.Stop talking shit about literally your life to other motherfuckers. Bro, sit the fuck down. Write stuff what went wrong.You want to make money, you got to do this, all right? Because here's what will happen. To help prevent decision fatigue and burnout, you need to take care of your body and mind. I'm going to keep it real, fam.Most of the time these days, I'm wearing just a black t-shirt. A plain black t-shirt doesn't cost much, six, seven bucks to eight bucks, whatever. Why do I do it? Is it because I can't afford fucking t-shirts? No.Is it because I can't afford good clothes? No. Why do I do it? I don't want to make too many decisions in the morning. The first thing when I wake up in the morning, I go have a shower.I don't want to make too many decisions, man. I want to come out of the shower, open my drawer, everything, basically my whole wardrobe can fit in like literally two drawers. You see what I'm saying? Black t-shirts, black or white t-shirts, I have like six or ten whatever of those, and I have like three different color pants.Same pants, but three different colors. I have dark green, I have khaki, and I have black. If I'm wearing a white t-shirt, I'm going to wear black pants or dark green.For black, it goes with dark green or khaki. Why? It just prevents you decisions, bro. I don't want
to make too many decisions.I don't want to keep pointing out with my decisions. By the time end of the day, I'm like fully trained out. You're going to find, because I realized, this is what when I was sitting down, I realized on this when I was writing down.Man, I was wasting about 10-15 minutes a day. What should I wear? Think about this, 15 minutes a day times seven. How much is it? 105 minutes a week.Bro, that's a week. F**k, that's two hours almost a week. 52 weeks, that's 100 hours.I'm just picking f**king clothes for 100 hours a bloody year. What? I'm like, you know what man, I'm going to stop. Now, I do this six days a week.I wear same pretty much clothes one day a week when I have Sunday, which is my wife's day. Basically, if she's wearing something fancy, I'll wear something fancy because that's her day. You see what I'm saying? Otherwise, I prevent myself from decision fatigue.You got to do this. You can't have crappy things take over your mind when you know that you should be f**king performing at a 100x speed. It's important to create a routine that promotes your physical and mental health being.It's so important because you need a sharp mind in order to perform optimally on a daily basis. And you can't be stressed about little f**king things. What are you going to have for breakfast? Bro, have same breakfast every f**king day.Don't have f**king breakfast. He wants a day. Drink coffee.People stress about all these little things and by the time it comes about trading, your brain's already f**king so tired. Create a routine so you do not have to think. This is what routine means.So you do not have to think because once time is lost, it's never f**king coming again. You can never find again. Benjamin Franklin actually said, you know Benjamin Franklin, the dude who's on my f**king arm? He said, lost time is never found again.And it's so f**king important. So that's why you need a routine. Routine is just like, you do not have to take decisions.So align your lifestyle with how you trade. Trading requires the purest form of self-discipline. Start with your diet and health.Start with your stuff, your life first. Because at the end of the day, man, if you can't take control of yourself, how do you expect to be consistent trader for next 20, 30 f**king years? Because at the end of the day, every decision you make today can help or hinder your ability to reach your goals. I'll say one more time.
Every single decision that you make today, it can either get you closer to your goals or further away from your goals. Which decision you want to take is your choice. See what I'm saying? So if you get off track, it's because of you, because you do not have self-discipline.Right? How do you get self-disciplined? Start with your f**king life. That simple. All right? You got this.Keep pushing. Keep going. I'll see you in the next one.All right? That's it, bro. There's one line, one quote that I absolutely love, man. It's by Sidhu Moosewala.And that was a Punjabi rap, Punjabi singer. He got shot in 2021, I believe. 2022, yeah. Anyway, he said, never fold, never back down. F**k it. We'll get it done with.So never fold, never back down. You got this. All right? I'll see you in the next one. Let's go.
cmv0dvsn3vqc72r1d8rgAll right, what is going on fam, hope you guys are doing well in this video we're gonna go over people who were scared to lose the fear That's causing them a lot of fucking money and we'll talk about people who are scared to lose and also people who are scared to win Because I promise you Some of you you might not even know Maybe even you you might not even know You might be scared to win not actually scared to lose Happens I've seen this happen a lot of times So we'll talk about this stuff in detail. All right now there are multiple reasons why a trader Might feel like fear of losing Right there are multiple reasons one of the reasons may be because he's trading with the money that he can't afford to lose Another reason could be maybe he took a big loss recently. So he's like now scared to lose But the biggest ones usually is that they're trying to trade with the money They can't afford to lose they wouldn't trade because they want to make money and we all want to make money That's why we fucking trading at the end of the day But if you're trading with the money that you cannot stand to lose right or it's bad because If this applies to you man, then it's important to trade small size for position to slowly build up your account like Bro, CCC framework.If you haven't watched that video go back to the module watch that video CCC framework Okay, you're gonna slowly build up your account You're not gonna go from thousand dollar account to literally go to hundred thousand dollar account ain't gonna work doesn't matter how hard you try You see them Zen sorry Slowly go from thousand two thousand fifty to eleven hundred to twelve thirteen fourteen two thousand three thousand four thousand ten thousand Slowly, right and it's actually not even a bad idea To step away and wait until you have more comfortable bankroll to trade with maybe it's actually a good idea to go If you're only thousand dollars to trade and that's the last money that you have and that's it. You do not have any more money Maybe it's a good idea to literally keep learning keep keep this case to you going but go bro and Pick a second job Pick a second job. All right, why if that job makes you four dollars extra week, that is about what? Four and a half weeks.It's about eighteen hundred bucks a month extra build up your account the eighteen hundred put away for like a couple months 3600 keep three thousand in your bank account Or all the whole money in your bank account then try to trade with a thousand dollars will be very easy on your brain Sometimes in trading you got to go slow to go fast All right, so go slow Then fucking go fast. It's important. All right because if you trade with them If you trade with an amount that would have minimal effect on your net worth, let's say you have $10,000 in your bank account right and you're trying to trade with thousand dollars Has a very minimal effect on your net worth Then you can eliminate a large amount of emotion tied to each trade But if you have a thousand dollars to your name and you're trying to trade with a thousand dollars bro You asking for trouble? You see what I'm saying? now this will if you actually have like decent amount of money and you know trying to trade with thousand dollars, it's alright if Literally this will help you get more clear in your thought process It will bring more clarity in your thought process and your ability to manage each trade will become better and better
Does it make sense? You will just Grow if you do this, you'll just grow only only place to go is up All right, and I get it, you know, you'd be like, oh man But I joined this course because I want to make money I get it man.I'm telling you What's actually the right thing to do? All right Not what you want to hear. I'm here you hired me as a coach to tell you the way it is Not fucking what you want to hear. Yeah That's what I'm telling you right now You'll want to make money But money comes to those who are fucking ready for it.All right now the fear will be minimal Level compared to many of the traders if you can control Your risk management your level strength patient scandal framework your system and you're trading with the money that that has a minimal effect on Right, the fear will be so minimal because you're doing everything by the book everything is good Even one thing out of this whole system is gone boy. Good luck. It's tough All right So you if you're scared to lose it might be because you're trying to trade with the fucking money that you can't afford to lose Or you have taken a big loss if you have taken a big loss You could have fucking slowly build up your account again Same fucking thing over and over again if you're scared to fucking lose This is for you, all right, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna let you take a screenshot now, right? All right, go take a screenshot of this slide this is this is your way I go All right now What about people who are scared to win because I know a lot of people who are scared to win you might be like what? Who's scared to win bro? You'll see Now what's get up scared to win most people themselves actually do not believe they can make millions of dollars Oh, you know hundreds of thousands of dollars like They think or they say this but in front of the third person.They're like, yeah, you know, it's going well. I Used to do this all the time Somebody from a friend of friends or family will ask me. How's your trading going, bro? I'm like, yeah, it's going.All right I used to be like, I don't sound crazy in front of them But bro, that was holding me back so much because I was at the fucking wrong crowd I realized Because I was hanging out with people who are making $100,000 a fucking year Or $50,000 a year and I was making that fucking in a month You see what I'm saying? Because literally Bro, if you do not believe that you can make money some people don't for some it would sound fucking crazy to even mention this In front of their friends or family. Oh, by the way, what do you want to do man? I want to make millions of dollars from the stock market. Huh? How's that going? So you don't want that, huh? Right.So you go. Yeah, it's one. All right, bro.Fuck what they were the motherfuckers thing, bro. God damn You see what I'm saying? If you tell yourself you don't think it's possible Then it simply won't be bro. I promise you man.Everyone everyone who's on this fucking call Who's watching this video bro has a potential to manifest a successful life filled with abundance Only if you believe it if is the key word here if you believe you can get it, you can get it I believe that I'll get it and I fucking did You see what
I'm saying? And I always told everybody I'd be rich as fuck. Yeah people laughed by Rich as fuck All right, I strongly encourage everyone to include positive affirmations in their lives every fucking day I'd usually do in shower call me crazy If you want you to do in shower try to visualize myself taking beautiful fucking trades I whenever I'm having shower, I'm just standing there with my fucking hands on the wall I'm just like I'm trying to visualize me having fucking taking beautiful trades Like the feeling that I get when I take a beautiful trade it kind of puts your fucking brain to okay It already knows what to fucking do You see what I'm saying? Tell yourself every day that you'll improve as literally as a better trader Tell yourself that you will stick to your fucking plan not make careless uncalculated fucking trades Trading is not an easy career path man. Trading is not fucking easy.All right, it requires you to become Freaking so mentally freaking stable. It's insane Because you will have fucking losses and trade if you want to become a successful trader you have to Pro accept it. It is what it is He will go through losses But at the end of the day if you're mentally strong enough to handle it you will fucking be able to make money All right.Eventually the pain will continue to shrink smaller as you become more experienced and your net worth will grow all right, eventually what will happen over time is your pain of The pain of not being able to catch the moves and losing money will become smaller because you're making money now imagine imagine You losing a hundred bucks on your thousand dollar account It hurt but imagine losing hundred bucks when you have a $10,000 account doesn't know much But you lose a hundred buck when you have a hundred thousand dollar account doesn't hurt at all Imagine losing hundred bucks when you have a million dollars It's not even fucking you know, not even thinking about it pretty much at this stage You see what I'm saying now the more success you achieve in life the easier will become to Build the self-confidence you need to get to the next level one thing. I've realized man Over time once you get into this upward spiral, you just start winning in every freaking thing Trading was the reason for me to get into the support spiral. I got into this upward spiral.I'm like I Started making a bunch of money my confidence grew the way I talk to people grew I had more time on my hand I could my relationship with my wife and relationship with my friends grew. I started going in the gym. My health grew I stopped smoking.I stopped smoking joints my because break. I really don't want to do it because a I'm high on my life for this stage. I don't need a third party if I can think to give me high You see what I'm saying? It just boosted my confidence to a level.I was an introvert man I used to hate people. I would be sitting in fucking my room still to this day Sometimes I am in fucking introvert, but depends who am I talking to? I just can't relate to motherfuckers who? Work nine-to-five job. I just there's nothing to fucking talk about But if you have a business and you tell me you have a business bro And you ask me fucking a question or two about fucking bro.I get started. I'm a fucking give you game. Why? Because I know the shit works because if I
Literally use the stuff and I made all the money So the confidence but behind the stuff that I'm gonna be telling you if you have a business and we sitting together It's gonna be enormous Why because I use this stuff and make money This is what I'm teaching you with KCU because I use this stuff and I made money.My confidence is freaking huge You see what I'm saying now The upward spiral continues with one win. Once you have a win, make sure you leverage it for other things All right Because if you're scared to win that simply means you know You do not even personally yourself believe that people can make money from the market if you ever think you Ever ever ever if you sit there and think to yourself man, the market is a scam. Nobody actually makes money, bro You scared to win and you fucking think nobody can make money.Everybody's fucking making money, but you Because you do not believe people can make money. You don't you do not believe you can make money That's a reason you're not making money period So get your mindset, right Stop hanging around with motherfuckers. You make 10 grand a fucking month or bright 10 grand a month No fucking money.Like this is my fucking thing. If you do not make 10 20 30 grand a month I ain't listening to you Like you telling me about all you should do with yourself with your business and you make fucking 5 grand a fucking from your job Shut the fuck up. Why? Take advice and bang around with motherfuckers who are winning Alright Period would you learn from me if I was not making money in trading? No, why are you here? Because I fucking know how to make money Same goes for you.Stop hanging around with motherfuckers. You do not make money. Stop letting them tell you how to live life They themselves are not making money You get my point, right? Except you will win.All right do this literally Positive affirmations tell yourself you will improve as a trader Tell yourself you will stick to the fucking plan and not make careless stupid mistakes All right, you will grow as a trader All right, you got this fucking part of you. Let's fucking go. Come on.I'll see you the next one. All right, let's go
cmv0dvumphas72sn3oh0Alright, what is going on? Hope you are doing well. In this video, we're gonna go over how can you control FOMO? How can you control your FOMO so you can make more money and you can lose less money from the market? Okay, now let me ask you a question before we even start, right? Do you feel FOMO every time you miss a big trade? Let's say you're about to take a big trade and all of a sudden, you miss it for some reason or you're like, oh, you got double-minded and you're like, oh man, what if this trade doesn't work and shit like that and you basically talk yourself out of the trade. And now when you're watching the trade literally without you, do you feel FOMO? Do you feel like, oh my goodness, only if I would have jumped in, man, I would have been up so much more or shit like this.Yeah, if you ever feel FOMO because you missed a big trade, sometimes even not, like, let's say this is your screen, right, has six names on it and Tesla is not even on this, you're not even watching Tesla and then somebody says in the chat, oh, look at Tesla and Tesla is fucking like this and you're like, oh my god, I'm feeling FOMO. If you ever, that's like for FOMO, if you ever feel FOMO for the trade that you were not even watching at first place, let me tell you something, if the answer is yes, then you're not actually ready to be a successful trader yet. That means the emotional impulse that you have is literally so huge, which is not letting you make the money that you want to make.But how do we make sure that you do not get this emotional impulse? How do you get rid of this emotional impulse? Now this word literally meant FOMO has a word fear in it, fear of missing out, which is one of the most, like it's one of the most worst fucking emotions to have when you're trading. So you need to, you know what this whole thing kind of goes, FOMO is basically us thinking of, we're scared of losing the money which was never ours at first place, that's FOMO. You're scared of losing the money which was never yours at first place, which is called fear of missing out, that was never yours at first place.So what we do is we recognize FOMO as a loss, that we're missing out on the money and we're losing money. Now you may chase, you might chase and you might end up winning and you may win every once in a while by chasing a trade, but you're entering for the wrong fucking reason. Any amount of money that you make without being disciplined in the market is eventually going back to the market, be it today, be it six months from now, put this in your head.All right, now you need to have a predefined criteria. Now if you have a predefined criteria to enter a trade and understand where the best entries are, you will never ever fall into a trap of FOMO or chasing. What are best entries? What have I been preaching you whole time? LTP, levels, trends and patient scandals.This is it. Now it's your responsibility to control this whole thing. It's your responsibility to control the wide spectrum of emotions that you feel while you're not, while you're in a trade,
right? Because let's say you're in a trade, you entered based off everything, everything's right, but on the other side, the trade actually does not have a patient scandal, but it ripped and this trade has not ripped away this one.Whose fault it is? Is it yours? No, this trade never had an entry, so it's nobody's fault bro. This trade never had an entry in it and this trade had an entry and you're fucking trading it. All right, sweet, who cares? This trade could have made you 40% and this trade, because it's an A plus setup, it's going to make you 20%.But let me ask you this, would you be comfortable in putting, let's say $2,000 into this trade? Just because it's not A plus trade and you're having a little formal, you might do a one contract, let's say you do $500 position size and you make 40% off the $500 position size, which turns out to be roughly around what, 200 bucks, right? But on this trade, you're comfortable taking a$2,000 position size because it's an A plus setup. So now do the math, 2,000 times 20%, what is it? That's 400 bucks. Which trade made more money? The one, even the 20%, no problem.Think about this. It's not about big percentage gains, it's about being comfortable in a trade and putting fucking more size on a trade, that's what's going to make you money. You see what I'm saying? Anything that you do, man, you have to take the full responsibility of every trade.You just can't literally say, oh, I lost money because Sumesh called out this trade and it didn't end up working, so it's Sumesh's fault, bro. Every single trade that you take is your fucking responsibility. Write down what went wrong, what could you have done better? Apply that to the next trade, all right? Literally.So these three questions that I ask myself after every trade, like when I'm journaling, why did I enter? Why did I exit? And third one, what would you do better next time? All right, after every trade, ask yourself, man, what did I enter? Why did I exit? If something went wrong, what went wrong? You see what I'm saying? Because that's so freaking important. But also remember at the same time, even though we trade based on our probabilities, sometimes things do not work out and do not beat yourself up for that either. Just learn from it and move on.There's two different types of losses. This is loss number one, this is loss number two. Here you followed framework, okay? Here you didn't follow framework.Here you lost money. Here you lost money. What people do is people think every single trade that they lose money on or win money on, is there something to learn from? Bro, if you lost money from the day you follow the framework, there's nothing to learn.No. Do not try to fucking learn something from it. But when you do not follow framework, even if you win, try to learn.Learn about why did you enter? What made you enter? What made you tick? What made you think like, oh my God, I have to jump into this trade and then end up being a loser because of a formal? What made you fucking tick at first place? What triggered you? Learn and move on. Not
every trade is there to teach you a lesson, but you've got to literally tell yourself, all right, if I follow a plan, if I do not make money, it's okay. If I do not follow a plan and I make money, it's not okay.All right? If you overtrade, challenge yourself to just five trades per week is a thing. If you're somebody who cannot literally control your emotions and you overtrade all the time, bro, challenge yourself that you're only going to take five fucking trades per week and just do that for two weeks. You'll see you won't overtrade anymore.If you have four more, challenge yourself to sit out the next five trades. If you're four more every time trade goes, bro, pick the best entry just about to execute. Do not enter.You'll feel like shit. You'll feel like trade's going, but it's not going without you. You'll be like, all right, you know what? It is what it is.Start feeling comfortable. If you're too hesitant, challenge yourself to take the highest probability trades. Remember that most people learn the painful lesson of FOMO by losing money.There's no need to feel the pain after the fact. Recognize FOMO and avoid it. That's literally your key.There's no need to like, bro, what's the, what's the point of feeling the pain, especially when you have lost everything after the fact that, you know, you were not able to control your emotions. There's no, there's like, at the end of the day, if you can learn by literally realizing me telling the stories about how I lost a lot of money because I had FOMO, man, bro, recognize FOMO and avoid it. Anytime you feel like, oh, I can make so much money, bro, calm yourself fucking down.Anything that's moving, that does not mean that it has to have a money, your money behind it's move. All right. Put this in your head.All right. You got this. Doing well.Go grab a drink. Oh, that's it. Done for the day.Start a new video tomorrow. You're doing well. All right. I'll see you tomorrow. See you tomorrow. Yeah.I'll see you tomorrow. Meanwhile, look after yourself. Have a good night's sleep. All right. Let's fucking go.
cmv0e0emphas72sn3oigAll right, welcome back to new video So in this video we're gonna go over some of the habits of very successful traders that I know and I literally Broke I said them with every one of them or I texted every one of them some of the things that you think you do I think I told you in the previous videos as well So they kind of gave me a few things that they do and I try to overlap everything So this was my stuff that I did. Okay, so these people are sending me the three things Someone else sent me three things someone else sent me three things I tried to find the thing that's actually common in every single one and I wrote down everything made few points Did some research on it and those points are gonna share with you some of the habits of highly Successful traders and some of the points that they all have in common so you can literally adopt those and start making money All right, because here's the thing man There's a little truth about trading you can make an unlimited amount of money because there's no ceiling to stop you Let's say you have a day job, right? and you make For example say $100 an hour a lot of money $1 an hour and you work eight hours a day That's $18. Let's say you work 24 hours a fucking day.Fuck it. That's $24 All right. There's one hundred and sixty eight hours in a week That's sixteen thousand eight hundred There's fifty do It's impossible to work 24 hours, but sixteen thousand sixteen thousand eight hundred dollars times fifty two How much is that? Hey Siri? What sixteen thousand eight hundred times fifty two? Eight hundred and seventy three thousand six hundred I made more than This last year Even if you do work 24 hours, you won't be able to catch up with me and you cannot make many more than this This is your ceiling.You might be like, yeah, that's a lot of money, but can you work 24 hours? No, so there's a ceiling you can't go any more than this That's it But in trading you can make unlimited amount of money because there's no ceiling to stop you. That's why I like it bro There's no distinction between your race your color doesn't matter you white black brown purple yellow green anything There's no distinction. Everyone starts at zero doesn't matter you inherited wealth But if you want to become a day trader, you're gonna start from zero That's why I loved it so much back in the day because I got you know, some serious racism In Australia and I was like man What's something that everyone starts from zero and Nobody nobody's zero can tell me if I can what not to do What to do what not to do show up at this time dadada all sort of things You know what? I discovered the only thing The only one thing that actually has this whole thing looked after and what that is.That's trading It doesn't matter you inherited hundred fucking million, bro you and you want a day trade You still got to go through the same fucking struggle same phases like motherfucking me. That's why I love trading so much That's truth about trading. Everyone starts at zero Your trading skills is yours to keep forever.No one can take it away from you. Nobody Let's say you work in a hundred dollars. Alright, your boss has to pay 873 600 a year for you You're working hundred dollars an hour 24 hours a day.
Somebody comes walks in through the door and Tells your boss. Hey, what is going on, bro? I will work better than him if he gets let's say your output for that money is a million units Or whatever you do and he goes, you know what? I'll do two million units. I only want $50 an hour and I'll do double the work The boss pray he doesn't give a fuck about you.Alright period I Know you might be like man, but that's that's rough. It's not it's just life So how much money he gonna make at 50 if he's doing this? So basically your boss is gonna save 436 thousand eight hundred he gonna say four hundred thirty six thousand, but you're gone see you later because he's better and He's cheaper than you you'll be replaced by him by in trading You'll never be replaced by someone better and cheaper. Let's say you stayed here.All right, Boston kick you out You got office politics to deal with now. You got people fucking talking shit about you. I didn't like your fucking face They don't like your attitude you like that, bro.You got no office politics to deal with nothing You don't have a goddamn boss to tell you fucking what to do jump on and call at 11 o'clock No, you do what you want to do With your family whenever you want to do you go on a vacation whenever you want to go you want to go Take your iPad take your laptop go trade your freedom Trade anywhere from the fucking world. I was in India and I still fucking made money Freedom but this all is only possible if you work and improve every day If you stop improving every day man ain't gonna work. It's just not gonna work period.Okay So you need to keep learning and working and improving every single day if you want to make money that's truth about trading There's no ceiling to stop you. Nobody can take the skill from you man. You know, somebody goes to me somebody was like And this is like serious.I'm serious topic. All right, somebody goes did you sign a prenup with your wife? I'm like, no Now why not? She can take everything she could take half of your money that you make like First things first, I didn't have anything when a metal so basically we built it together. Okay Secondly If she do take half of it or even 80% of her even 100% of it She can't take my skill.I know how to make money. I know how to turn my hundred dollars to hundred and twenty She cannot take my skill away See I'm saying your trading skill is yours to keep forever nobody can take it away from you You got my point you got this keep going keep pushing. All right jump to the next video and I'm fucking proud of you Let's go
cmv0e06mphas72sn3ohgAll right, what is going on fam, welcome back to another video. In this video, we're gonna go over three mistakes you need to eliminate if you want to become a very fucking successful date waiter. If you cannot do it, I'm sorry, date waiting is not for you.All right, I am, I'm not, I'm not trying to be rude or anything, man. I'm just trying to be fucking real. Like, you need to eliminate these type three, three types of mindset.It all starts in the fucking brain, all right. If you, if you can control your brain, you can pretty much do anything in the world, man. There's one thing I realized over a long period of time is every time, every time, every single time that you get hurt, it's always because of the mindset or the thoughts that you're thinking or the stuff that you do or the stuff that you do not do, that you know that you should be doing.It's always kind of that little, you know, little funny thing that goes on in your mind. You're like, you know, you're wrong. You know that this is not the right way, but you kind of keep going that same path.You see what I'm saying? And that path often leads to like, let's say, um, you know, you should be getting your loss. It hits your stop loss. You know, you should be getting out, but you have a little hope in you like, oh, this happened to me yesterday as well.I'm not getting out. And that little hope oftentimes become the reason why people literally give up on every single dollar of their net worth, right? That hope is not hope. It's actually just, um, you know, a phenomenon created to keep you broke.Okay. It's not actually the hope that you get. It's just a little funny thing that happens to you that just keeps you freaking broke.You know, you, you're wrong, bro. Once you know you're wrong, why the heck you would not jump out? So you need to eliminate these three type of mindsets. The first type of mindset that is you tell yourself, I want to make a lot of money quickly.I want to make a lot of money quickly, man. Hope it doesn't take me that long. If you have no patience, there's a high probability you will lose quickly and lose the opportunity to have a lasting career as a trader, man.At the end of the day, look at this. You have six and a half hours to take one high probability trade. Just one, not two, just one.If you take a high probability trade with a thousand dollars and you make 40%, that's $400,$400 times 250, 250, let's say 250 trading days, 252 trading days, but 250, that's a hundred thousand dollars a year. Let's say your job, you make 60 grand already. So that's 160K.
Would your life change? Of course. You see what I'm saying? So if you do not have any patience to kind of wait for the high probability trade, just man, you will lose. There's very big probability you lose as a trader and you will never become a successful trader.Like bro, real money is literally made by letting the trades or money come to you. Never been in a rush to make X amount of money. Oh, I just want to make this much money.No, it's common downfall for many, many traders. I've seen people go from like, they know what they should be doing, but they kind of ignore everything that they know just because they're bored, man. Sometimes you see me when I'm trading live, there's no setup setting up and I'm sitting cash for sometimes for hours.I'm a day trader. I can scalp the market, but no, I'm a high probability trader. I trade the most high probability stocks.I do not play around. That's not what I do. I'm a trader who is in it to win it.The only way for me to win it is by taking the highest probability trade. If I do not wait for the highest probability trade, I'm going to lose over a long period of time. Yeah, I can make money today, maybe tomorrow, maybe this week, maybe this month, maybe, but imagine five years from now, right? There's this funny thing that I always tell everybody or not so funny, but this thing that I always tell everybody is first one year of a trader, very hard.Oh my God, it's so freaking out. The first year is very hard. The second year it's hard, but you see the light at the end of the tunnel, right? You start seeing light at the end of the tunnel.You're like, oh, you know, I just need to do this good stuff. Third year, it's your usually a very, very small amount of money. You make small profit.Fourth year is when you fucking take over, bro. You make so much money that the meaning of money changes. And then from year fifth to 10 years, you build wealth.Because right around here, this phase, you're just enjoying the riches. You're like, man, I've never been rich. I never had this much money.Let me just enjoy the money. Cool. Enjoy the fucking money.Live the good life. And then you're like, bro, I have everything, this is good. Let me just buy another fucking house.Let me just get another apartment. Let me just get a house in this city. Let me just buy my mom a house.Let me buy my father a new truck. You see what I'm saying? Because that's wealth building stuff happening. But a lot of people just quit within here or they quit within here.
And it's tough. I get it. And this is usually the phase that people are going through when first and second year.This is the phase people are going through. I want to make a lot of money quickly and I want to do it quick now. Now is the time.Bro, I trade for this. Even if you're here, stop trading for this. Start trading for wealth building time because that time is coming.You better have the habits. Otherwise, if you do not have good habits, you're never going to get there. You see what I'm saying? So the first type of mistake is I want to make a lot of money quickly.No, you won't. The second type of mistake people make is I want to blindly follow another trader and hope to make a lot of money like this signal discords signals. They give us signals, written signals.I'm buying spy. I'm buying spy called and you actually yourself do not do anything yourself to learn because it's as a trader, it's so easy to just put a blame on somebody else and be like, man, I lost money because of him. You see what I'm saying? I lost, I entered with him and every time I take a trade with him, I always lose money.It's so, it's so easy to just put a blame on somebody else and be like, yeah, it's not my fault. It's his fault. I get it.Makes sense. You should do that too, bro. You are here.You're KCU. You're watching this video because you're a fucking legend. Why the fuck do you think you need to do something which is not going to get you anywhere, which is follow somebody blindly and not even fucking use your own head.You think that's the right way? Right thing to do? No. What should you do instead? You're taking trades with me, sweet, but you should understand the reasoning why I'm taking the trade. If you do not understand why am I taking the trade, bro, you shouldn't take that trade or ask me in the real time.Hey bro, why did you enter the trade? That was not a patient scandal. Hey bro, what trend did you see? If you do not understand that, why are you jumping into a trade? It's no point. You see what I'm saying? Very important.This method can work and it will slow, like it will work. You'll make a little bit of money, but it will slow you. You should be a trader.This way you won't become a trader because you're never actually investing the time or reasons to find entry or exit. Right? So when I'm jumping into trades, this is why I think KCU is so well, like it's so well built. You learn in KCU, in Lodge, you earn with the topics that you
learned here.So you know why I'm jumping into trade. It just works. You must also realize that every trader has a different level of risk.And so if you follow someone blindly, you may be taking a certain level of risk that you're not ready for. There's some trades that I take, which I take a lot of risk. I get it.Maybe you're not ready for it, but that doesn't mean that you should be like sitting there and just taking every single trade that I call out. No, just try to learn and understand why I'm taking those particular trades. And you do not have to trade every single time that I'm jumping into a trade.Try to learn the reason. Because we are in it for long run. Okay? And third type of mindset is I'm the best.I'm better than you. Bro, trading is a competition against yourself. It's you versus you.It's not you versus some motherfucker. Bro, you see what I'm saying? It's not about, oh, me and him started at the same time. He's sitting at still 10,000 and I'm sitting at 20,000.Oh, I'm better than him. Bro, if you're competing against others or want to be a better trader than somebody else, you're trading for the wrong reasons. The reason why I'm trading is I want to fucking build wealth.I want to build wealth for my family, so they never have to worry about it. I want to get my mom and dad a house. I want to get my brother a house.I want to get my cousins, fucking everybody who looked after me when I was down. I want to look after everybody. That's why I'm trading.That's my reason. What's your reason? I want to be better than him. Bro, shut the fuck up, man. Come on. All right. Three type of mindset is one very, very simple.I want to make a lot of money knowing this time you're going to take this time. Just accept it or don't accept it. You can't change.Sun rises in the east, sets in the west. It doesn't matter how hard you fucking try. Sun is going to rise in the east, sets in the west.Same thing. It's going to take you that long. These are universal principles, so stop trying to think, oh, let me go out there today in my first year, first month, first week of trading and compare my results to somebody else because he's making my problem.I'm in year six. All right. I'm in wealth generation, literally wealth building phase already.
You comparing your result with me? I'm sorry, ain't going to work. You comparing your result with somebody in year four? I'm sorry, ain't going to work. You comparing your results with year three? I'm sorry, ain't going to work.It's you versus you. You see what I'm saying? It's you versus you. Period.There's no third person right here. You get my point? Look, I want the best for you and to make sure you have the fucking, like literally, to make sure you are moving forward towards the right fucking things that you need to be doing. I just want to keep it as real as possible.All right. Because I fucking love you. You watching this right now? I fucking love you.I don't want you to do something stupid that I did back in the day and it costed me a lot of money. These three mindsets will be the reason why you will hate yourself one day. All right.Now, because of ego, you might think like, oh, man, I'm the fucking best. But moving forward, you're going to hate yourself. So eliminate this mindset.If you're doing this right now, man, eliminate it. Sit down one day, sit down, grab an empty piece of paper. I'm Mr. K Capitals, I won't.Anyway, sit down, grab an empty sheet of paper, write down what you do right now. What do you want to do? Try to fill the gap with the stuff that you think you should be doing in order to get there. OK, so this is my framework.Anything that I'm doing right now that I know it's wrong, I write down here. Anything that I know it's right, the opposite of this, it's here. I will try to draw the map.How can I get there? I try to close the bridge. How can I get there? So you close the bridge by giving yourself reasons, giving yourself strategies, giving yourself systems that can actually close the gap between those two and you can actually stop becoming the person that you want to become. You see what I'm saying? That's one framework.All right. You're doing well. You're doing fucking well. Go grab a drink. All right. Go grab a drink.I'll see you in the next one. Peace. Goodbye. Goodbye, beautiful.
cmv0e06mphas72sn3oi0So in the previous video we kind of went over the three type of mindset that you should avoid, avoid at all cost. So in this video we're going to go over the three type actually mindset that you need in order to actually become the fucking trader that you want to become. Those are the mindsets that you need to avoid.This is the three mindsets that you need to adopt to become a good trader. Okay, because at the end of the day let's say when you pour, I'll give you example of this water bottle all right. Let's see how much water is in there.So roughly comes to the tag. Yeah, all right. What happened? Water is a little bit low again.What happened here? The water came out. What took spot of the water? You know what took spot of the water? Air. Air got in.You see what I'm saying? So that means if something comes out of a space, something has to go in there to fill it. Otherwise, it wouldn't work. You see what I'm saying? So what's happening here? Water came out, air went in the bottle.Still good. Now what would happen if you do not let any air come out? Pretty sure you have tried it. Sorry.What happened? Created a little vacuum. My lips nearly fucking got stuck in there. Anyway, what would that happen? Because nothing took place of the thing, so it created this little vacuum.Why I'm telling you this? When something comes out of your brain, it has to be filled with something else. So you're eliminating three type of mindset. It has to be taken, like something has to go in there, in that little space that you have, so it can be filled.That's why a lot of people try to fix their mistakes, but you can't fix a mistake. You can just override it with something else. If that little thing that comes out, what's going to take place of that? Nothing.So that's going to stay there. So you eliminated those mindsets, something's going to take place now. What's going to take place is what I'm going to go over now.You should have a proper mindset to trade. The mindset like, I want to learn about trading in the stock market. Now, self-directed learning is a key trait of driven and successful people, man.Anybody that you know who made a lot of money in anything, they learn themselves a lot. That doesn't mean the KCU is bad. That just means KCU gave you a framework.Now to learn more. Bro, I can only share what worked for me. You might have a little bit of
different problems that you are dealing with, with your mindset.How to fix the mindset? Man, you need to sit down and try to learn from the things that you're doing. Be like, huh, every time it hits my stop loss, I do not sell. What do I need to do? I need to sell early, but how can I do it? Okay.This strategy, this framework, it says this is a stop loss, but why I'm not respecting it? Because maybe I do not respect myself so much. That's why I'm not respecting the stop loss. Okay.How can I start respecting myself a little bit more? I can start respecting myself a little bit more by doing everything that I say. What does that mean? That means if I say, I'm going to lose some weight, that means I actually start doing stuff that actually tells my brain that I respect my own self. You see what I'm saying? People say, I'm going to lose some weight, but they're eating a bloody ice cream.How does that work? That basically your brain goes, oh yeah, whatever he thinks, it actually doesn't actually matter. You see what I'm saying? You say, I'm going to go run a marathon. All right.And you're still sleeping. Your brain thinks, yeah, yeah, whatever. You see what I'm saying? Even your family say, family, everyone around you is like, that's why they don't take you fucking seriously.So you're like, bro, I want to do that. Yeah, yeah, whatever. If I say to my family, I want to do that, they know I'm going to do it because they know everything that I say, I'm going to get done.You see what I'm saying? So if anytime I say, don't fucking annoy me, I'm literally going to punch you. Let's say, if I say to my brother, my brother knows I'm going to punch him. You see what I'm saying? It's just like everything that you say, you've got to actually start doing it in real life.Like I told myself at the start of this year, I'm going to lose weight. Bro, I lost about, just this year, what were we at? Eight weeks in, seven weeks in, whatever, whatever weeks in. I lost maybe about four, four and a half kilos already.That's like about eight, nine pounds, seven pounds. Now, I told myself I'm going to do it, my brain knows he's going to do it. Every day I fucking wake up, I put my shoes on and I'm in the fucking gym.Why? Because I want my brain to think, oh nah, anything that I think he's actually going to get done. Same thing with you. You see what I'm saying? You do not respect yourself, that's why you do not respect your stop losses.So you start fixing yourself outside trading and your trading will get better. You see what I'm
saying? If you find yourself unmotivated, unmotivated to learn new things each day or week, then you need to re-evaluate your mentality and shift your mindset. All right? Literally, this is what learning is.Learning. See? Learning. Now, let me do you a favor.Every time you take an L, okay? Every time you take an L, you're learning from it. What happens then? The L gets taken out. What's left? Earning.So you start making money. You see what I'm saying? You start earning money by literally learning from your Ls. All right? Man, stock market's so dynamic.It's constantly changing. You must evolve as a trader to keep your edge against the market. The markets, the reason why market exists is because you want to take your money.Now, to defy its purpose, you need to stay on top of yourself. Otherwise, you won't be able to defy its fucking purpose. Do you get my point? You need to evolve as a trader to keep your edge.What does evolution mean? Evolution simply means you finding out what mistakes you make mindset wise, emotional wise, and sitting down and trying to find out how can you get better at it. All right? There's no secret. This is it.So first thing, learn, learn, learn about yourself. More you learn, more you're going to earn, period. Okay? Now, the second type of thing that a lot of people make mistakes is, is this.I want to find a strategy that works for me. You need to, bro, people go, nah, he told me a strategy, this patient scandal strategy. I'm going to just do this every single day.I get it. It works. The system works.Beautiful. But you need to define for yourself what your strategy means. Okay? Every time you get a patient scandal that, and the patient, let's say the patient scandal is $3 wide.All right? But the reward is a dollar. You're like, man, you know what patient scandal says, get in. No.You need to look for the small patient scandals. 30 cents rewards a dollar. Okay? That actually is fucking good trade.You see what I'm saying? So you need to find a strategy, the mindset, the stuff that works for you. All right? There will be a period of trial and error. Yeah.Even with this system, LTP, there will be a little trial and error early in your trading career before you start finding your trading style. Your trading style might be just like, oh, bro, I like to trade on a 10 minute chart every single day after 11am. Sweet.
Some people love making money over there. Some people just like two minute chart for first 30 minutes. They only trade first 30 minutes.People often give up before they figure this out. If you manage your account properly, ensure you last long to extract value from large sample size of trades. You can improve your strategy and performance quicker than others.I told you, first few years, it's tough. First couple of years, it's very tough. Third year, you make a little bit of money.Fourth year, you make a little bit, a lot more money than third year. Fifth, six, seven, eight, nine, 10 is wealth building. More than 10 years, bro, you're fucking king.But people give up in year one and two. Learn by yourself. The system, put yourself in the system.Maybe like, man, what mistakes I make here? Because you need to constantly improve your skills. Most top performers really think they're the best. Man, I have seen, I have seen literally Kobe Bryant fucking, like, that man's always fucking, that he always used to work out.Why? RIP legend, but why? He knew that he has room for improvement. If you make money today, you literally go, I don't need to fucking improve, I know what I'm doing, bro. There's always room for improvement.Analyze yourself objectively. Look for areas for weakness to improve on. Write a detailed plan with a timeline on how you're going to improve as a trader.You must hold yourself accountable if you want real growth. If you do not want real growth, just keep doing what you fucking doing. But if you want real growth, man, you're going to literally write down an empty sheet of paper.This is a mistake. This is what I'm going to do. In order to do this, I need to write a plan here that actually fills a gap from this to that.You need to build a bridge from this to that. This is what I need to do in order to fill the gap. All right.Now you have three pointers that you got to follow for the next week and you keep doing that next week. Okay. You're like, oh shit.Okay. While I was following it, I discovered something new. Let's fix this.Three points again for the next week. Oh shit. When I was doing it, I learned something about myself again.And three pointers for every single week becomes better week than the previous one. Better
week. I said, I didn't say profitable week.Some weeks you're going to lose money and it's okay. All right. Some weeks you follow your plan and the trades don't work in your favor.It's okay. Shit happens. Well, if you want to become as profitable trader and you want to make a lot of money, bro, you got to do this.You got to analyze yourself. There's no other way. You got this. All right. Let's fucking go. Hey, I love the momentum going.So you literally watching like, bro, you watch this whole video, 10, 11 minute long video. And I think you're in a zone. Keep going.Keep watching. I'll see in the next one, because in the next video, I'm going to go over some of the habits of very highly successful people that I know. And I know a lot of them.All right. Some habits about them that you can learn and take in and make a lot of money. So next one is going to be good.I'll see you next. Goodbye.
cmv1a0aq9n7s72sd78c0Alright, so in this video we're going to go over the exits. Another beautiful habit of successful traders. They plan their exits before they enter a trade.And this video is going to be a little video anyway. So let's just jump in right into it, alright. Successful traders, people who make a lot of money, they plan their exits before they enter a trade.What do I mean by that? That simply means if you have a patient scandal setting up, let me move this out of the way. If you have a patient scandal setting up, this is a patient scandal, and this is a previous high where the patient scandal came from. Probably, we are worrying about, okay, this is my stop loss, this is my profit target.You see what I'm saying? But I see so many amateur traders jumping into a trade and having no idea how to exit that trade. They don't know where the stop loss is, they don't know where the actual profit taken is. They get sucked deeper and deeper into this.They jump into a trade in the middle of nowhere, and they don't know where to get out. The trade keeps going down against them. They let emotions take over.Eventually, they blow up all their fucking money. Whereas professional traders, you and me, we plan our exits before we even enter a trade. We know where we're gonna get out.We know our stop loss. We know our profit target. You see what I'm saying? We know exactly when to take a loss.We know exactly when to actually take some profits in every single freaking trade because we understand that taking a loss on a trade literally taking a loss on a trade is okay. It's okay to take a loss. But you know what's not okay? Is losing the entire trading capital.Everything that you have on a single trade just because you never got out or over a series of trade. You jump in, it doesn't work. You jump in next time, doesn't work.Jump in next time, doesn't work. And every time you take a loss, you go from your 1000 position size to 5000 position size, and you start losing even bigger money. Now you want to make your money back.That's why you jump into bigger position sizes. Over a series of trade, let's say five trades make you lose all the money that you made. So far in your trading, there's something big time wrong with your risk management.You see what I'm saying? After every red trade, I bring my position size down. From 1000, I go to 800. Then I go to 500, for example.
You know why? Because I know for a fact when I'm... What's... Because everything, this whole thing is pretty much a game that is set up by the rich individuals. They know that people let their emotions take over. And how do their emotions take over? They keep going heavy and heavy.I do exactly opposite. Just do exactly opposite than the average trader. You'll make money.Just don't be average. If you're not looking for average returns, don't be average, motherfucker. That's all.You see what I'm saying? Don't be average. Just do exactly everything that that individual who's losing money does not want to do. That's how you're going to make money.We plan our exits before we enter a trade. That's why we will make a lot of money over time. Successful traders do the same.They plan their exits. They know where to get out. They know where to take profits.They know when to jump in. They know exact all these numbers on every single trade. That's why they make money, period.Do you know what I'm saying? By the way, man, I'm just... I'm so proud of you. You're hustling. You're pushing.You're getting things done. Good fucking job. Let's go. I'm so proud of you. All right. Keep going.Keep pushing. Let's go.
cmv1a0emphas72sn3p1gAlright, what is going on you handsome motherfucker? Now, let's get to this beautiful video again, alright, because we're covering the habits of some successful Twitters, and it's important. By the way, just a thought came to my mind. If you are a Apple user, if you like Apple and you're in the Apple ecosystem like I am, this thing, bro I bought this, HomePod Mini, doesn't cost my 100 bucks.Probably the best thing you can buy, it's just so smart, it's so good. I connected all my lights to it, just let it know if I can turn the lights on, turn the heater on, turn the aircon on, turn the TV on, I'll put like a few in my house, one more office, three in the living room, one in the second, yeah, one in my bedroom, and one in the meditation room, one in the bathroom, I bought a few, they're so good. I can just play the same music on every single one of them, just be like, play on all, it just starts playing on everything, it's so bloody good.Anyway, anyway, I'm not a tech dude, and whenever I see a little bit of tech stuff like this, I just go, oh my god, blows my mind away, but anyway fam, in this video we're gonna go over why are successful traders obsessed with trading analytics, and every single one of them that I know, they're obsessed with trading analytics, they're obsessed with the numbers, alright, when I say trading analytics, I do not mean journals, I don't mean journal, what do I mean? Let's go over that. What do I basically mean here is, an unexamined trade is not worth taking, a trade that has not been examined before is not worth taking. Amateur traders just want to move on from their losing trades with journaling, this is what they do, they take a losing trade, they journal, and they want to move on from that, how we see kids moving on from their studies after their final exams.Fuck these books, I'll never study them again in my life. Have you ever, let me ask you this, have you ever, whenever you finish your journaling, got up like this, and you walked out after you did your journals, be honest, you done it yeah? Like it felt like a job, oh my god, that's what a lot of people do, that's why they don't make a lot of money, I've done this in the past, and I still sometimes do it now, they move on from their journaling, now, what's the point of doing journaling if you're not gonna learn anything from it, you telling yourself that this is what I learned, doesn't mean you learned anything, you just finished your job, and you have no idea what the topic was, or mistake was, let's say, three weeks from now. You see what I'm saying? These traders don't want to think about the trades, especially about the bad trades, they're like, I already know the mistake, I already know what I'm doing.Because here's the thing, those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it, therefore, professional traders are obsessed with trading analytics, instead of moving on from the losing trades, they stick around and then try to learn and figure out what could they have done better. From this analysis, they figure out how to become a better trader in the week coming forward. Now let me ask you this, you know how I journal? I journal Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, every day.
But over the weekend, on a Sunday, I sit down for one hour, usually before my wife wakes up. I sit down, I go over every single journal that I did, I ask myself, what's my biggest three strengths, three big strengths that I had for the week? Okay, what's my three big weaknesses for the week? Okay, now, this little thing that I just made, it sits on an empty sheet of paper on my trading desk for the next week. Why? I did my journals, but I learned about three mistakes and three strengths because I want to repeat my strengths, I want to get rid of my weaknesses for the next week.I make a plan, what I'm going to do, how I'm going to do it, the mistakes that I made, how I'm going to get rid of them. I literally write down on an empty sheet of paper, my mistakes. This is a mistake, this is where I want to be to fix it.I try to write a plan. It usually takes me about 30 minutes to go over all the journals again, write these three strengths, three mistakes. It usually takes me another 30 minutes, 10 minutes each on these weaknesses, trying to figure out how to actually get rid of this in the week coming forward.Even 1% better, every day, for the next five days, it's significantly a lot of improvement compounding. See what I'm saying? That's what I do every single week. I like to journal.The reason why I journal is so that I can go back to those journals and learn something from them. I don't journal because, oh, let me see what mistake I made, let me see what setup I traded. That stuff don't make you money.Journaling don't make you money otherwise. You're not going to learn anything from your journals if you do not go back to your journals and try to think of yourself like, oh, let me figure out my three strengths and three weaknesses. If you don't do that, you're not going to make money, you're just a guest.What should you do? You should be obsessed with trading analytics. This is what I do every single week. At the end of the month, I'm going over every single one of these for the month, for four weeks.That usually takes me about two hours at the end of the month. This is two hours, it's bloody annoying, but it takes two hours. This is my biggest structure, this big plan.Basically, I'll do on 31st of Jan at night time, when I'm about to sleep or when my wife's already sleeping, I'll just get up. Or I'll do this the weekend before the last week. Let's say if the last week finishes on Wednesday, if the last day finishes on Wednesday, the weekend before, Saturday, Sunday, I'll sit down on Saturday night or Sunday night and do this.It works, it makes me money. I'm obsessed with trading analytics. You see what I'm saying? You got it? I'm sure you do.That's where I can go. Cheers on the coffee. Huge toast to your success.
That's where I can go. Alright, I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.
co7u4o0c8gks72qk3ue0All right, welcome to a new video. In this video, we're going to go over one big mistake that I see a lot of traders make is they try to navigate through the insufficient capital. Like the money is not enough for them to trade.I mean, I mean, if you're trying to trade from a $1,000 account, bro, or $500 account, $1,000 account, it's tough. It's really tough really tough. And we're going to go through this.And you see this insufficient capital, you're trying to just like navigating through the storms, all this crap. And all you have, all you are is yourself inexperienced you in the middle of the ocean, one mistake, which is gonna happen in this weather. And you're gone.There's nobody coming to save you. Because in the middle of nowhere, see what I'm saying? No, man, I'll suck to be somewhere someone sitting here. Fuck.Oh, no. Anyway, let's go with this. Navigating through insufficient capitals.You know what that does to you? You know what that does to your trading? You know what that does to you just the way you look at things, it ruins everything, everything. And I'll give you some examples. I'll give you some long term impact.I'll give you some examples. of how you can fix this and some steps to take right now. But first point is this huge risk of day trading with less money.Like the risks include, you know, let's say you have $1,000 in your trading account, and you take a trade with 300 bucks. That's 20% trade, beautiful trade, and you only made 60 bucks. And next trade that you take is next day that you take is you use $600 of your position size, and you make 10%.And that is 60 bucks. Then last trade that you take on the day with 100 bucks, one contract, and you lose 20%. Stop loss should be triggered, but you're only down 20 bucks, so you never get out.And then now you're down 50% of this, that means you're down 50 bucks, 50 bucks. Out of 120, 50 goes, we are left with $70. And next day for you to trade, you have $1,070.Again, same thing happens, $1,100, you're doing all the good stuff, everything that you can. But then comes one day, you're trading accounts sitting at $1,300, then comes one day where you take a, you know, your confidence is boosted, where you take a $600 position size, and you lose 20% of it, that's $120 gone. Then another $600, you lose another 20% of it, $120 gone.And now you're back to the square one, pretty much $1,000. And it's so tough to just get out of this whole cycle, it becomes pain. It becomes pain because something that you can not just come out of, and it feels like, oh my God, what the fuck is going on? See what I'm saying? That's
the risk of just trading with less money.And the other thing that actually sucks is you see big percentage drawdowns. Out of $1,000 trading account, if you lose 100 bucks, it's 10%. Oh my God, I just lost 10% of my money.Oh my goodness, no. And that just, you know, it adds up because now you're like, oh my God, I lost 10% of my money. Now from 900, because here's the thing, from 1,000 to go to 500, you're going to lose 50% of your money and you'll be at 500.But from 500 to back to 1,000, you need to double your account to get to there. You see what I'm saying? That's 100% returns you need to get to 1,000. So big percentage drawdowns and it's very hard to come back from.And that leads to just you having your confidence shatter or you get big confidence boost by you take a trade, $1,000 become, your $1,000 become 1,400. Now you're up 40% of the account. And then you're expecting something like this every single day.You're like, oh my God, if I can do this every day, you know, I'll have $10,000 by end of the month. Then I'll have $100,000 at the end of the quarter. Then I have a million dollars.Nah, that's a shit way to think about it. Because here's the thing, your $1,000 account, you only need to take 10, 100% trades. You'll be a million.Do you think they're going to happen? Too tough. You see what I'm saying? A million is not a baby number, man. Million is a big number.You get my point? Now, then comes your normal market fluctuations, just normal market fluctuation. You take a trade and you know, the trade doesn't work. The trade doesn't work.That's okay. You lose 20% of the money that you put in, which is like you put in 500 bucks. You know, you lose 20%, that's a hundred bucks.Everything was good. But on the account, you're down 10% of the account. So just normal market fluctuation, just the trade not working can sometimes lead to big percentage drawdowns.It leads to your confidence being shattering. It leads to you getting stressed. It leads you to try to make the money back because now you're like, oh my God, but you do not have enough capital and the money settles tomorrow.And you're holding your last contract just because you won't be able to have another trade just to prove yourself that you're right. And it just like goes down and down and down. It goes south, everything goes south.And you know what happens? You're just not able to come out of that crap. And then you eventually blow your thousand dollar account, which is still, you blow an account, but that's
only thousand bucks. You lose thousand bucks.But again, the confidence shatters when you're like, oh my God, I blew another trading account. You see what I'm saying? And some examples of this are, I'll give you two examples of this, right? Jumping in full trading account. Now let's say you are doing everything well, right? Your thousand dollar account and you doing everything well.The thousand dollar account is sitting at 1200 bucks in like a month, 20% or in like two weeks, whatever. You're doing everything well. Your confidence is good because you're taking good quality trades.And now all of a sudden you're like, oh my God, this trade really looks good. And you jump into that trade with 800 bucks and you didn't even realize you're in a different box and that trade doesn't work. That's 30% drawdown.30% of 800 is 240 bucks. You lose 240 bucks losing out of 1200, which took you two weeks to get there. You lost that in a trade.And now you have 960 bucks to trade with. Now, all of a sudden jumping in a full trading account on every trade, pretty much, oh my God, like this looks so good. It looks in, it results in big drawdowns.When big drawdowns happen, your, your confidence shakes, your, your credit, the stuff that you're going through in your brain, it's just like the chemistry in your brain just ruins itself. And the big, all you get big profits based off your account. That means your $1,200 account takes 30% gains.Another two 40 gets added to this. And that just becomes the number becomes 1440. Now you have 1440 in your trading account.And all of a sudden, then you make a mistake because now your confidence is all the way at the top. And you're like, oh my God, I can, I'm, I'm, I'm such an OG. I took my account.I did a 50% gains in matter of two weeks. I got this. You know what? Let me just quit my job.Let me just tell my boss, fuck off. Let me do it because I can make money. And that things just start going South.When things start going South, it's just like too hard to come out of. Um, it's only because big position sizes based off your account that gives you a false perception of that. You're making a lot of money, but you still just made 440 bucks.You see what I'm saying? Uh, but that's still 50%, but that's still 440 bucks. You cannot spend the percentage. You can spend the dollars.So think of the dollars. You see what I'm saying? Another example is you try to split the limited
capital that you have across too many trades. You're like, I got thousand thousand bucks.Let me just split this into 300, 300 and 400. Now, all of a sudden, even if it's a low quality setup, you still jump in with 300 low quality setup. You still jump with 300 high quality setup.You still jump with 300. So basically what happens is you stop seeing a distinction between a plus or B setups. Every single trade pretty much becomes the same position size trade.That's not the best way to go about it because it dilutes the money potential because the B trades have less potential to make money, but the A plus trades has high potential to make money. But you have a same similar position size because of your lack of capital. It dilutes the money potential.And when you see yourself like, oh my God, I'm not making money, man. And then it dilutes the focus. You start looking at other things.You start looking at some, you know, quick ways to get there. You start thinking, you start searching on YouTube or you start watching more videos on YouTube. You're thinking maybe it's the fault of the system, but in reality the system is good.It's just, you do not have enough capital. You just, you know, everything starts looking like a shiny thing, you know, then it goes shiny object syndrome. And then you're less excited about stuff.Now, let's say you have $800 left in your trading account. Even if you make 20% of that account, that's still 160 bucks and you can't get shit this day and age with 160 bucks. And that builds to less excitement.You're not just excited about trading. You're not just excited about waking up every single day in the morning, going to the gym, you know, doing everything in the morning routine that you need to do in order to be in the best shape, best mental shape, best physical shape. And that just leads to less excitement.You're not excited about stuff. It just like, feels like a bad job. And that builds up bad habits because now let's say you took a trade out of 800 bucks that you jumped into a trade.You put like, let's say $400 into a trade and that trade starts going south. Even though you are down just like, even though you're down 20%, that's still, that's still on 20, like 25%. That's still a hundred bucks on this, right? That's still a hundred bucks if it goes south 25%, but still that's not a lot of money.So you're like, you know what? I'll rather just hold. And then the trade somehow, here's where your stop loss was. Somehow the trade reverses.And now you make, let's say if I can, you double this, uh, you make 400 on this, you double this position. That's a hundred percent trade. And that basically the habits get fucked here because
you should have gotten out here, but now, you know, oh, last time when I held my trade beyond my stop loss, I got avoided by the market.You know what? Now let me just, double down on this. You jump in full, you add more, you add more and you add more and you add more. It gets to a stage where you do not have any more money to add.And guess what? This doesn't happen. It just keeps on going south and keeps on going south. Then you blow your money.Then you lose 780 out of 800. And now you're left with 20 bucks just because the money want to laugh at you now. See what I'm saying? It builds up bad habits because the monetary loss doesn't hurt you from a $200 position size, losing 10%.The 20 bucks doesn't hurt you, which results in you holding your trade for a little bit longer. When you hold your trade for a little bit longer and that trade reverses, that just builds up this bad trading habit. And when the bad trading habit builds up, eventually down the line, you give all the money back.And then it shatters your dreams and shatters your confidence because now you're just like thinking of, oh my God, I lost another trading account. I blew another trading account. I'm not a good trader.I suck. And then you start looking for something to make you feel good about. And then you're like watching this show, watching this game, winning in this game feels more important than winning in life.And that's how you go south. And I know this is a vicious, like this is a crazy cycle. A lot of people go through this and I understand where they're coming from.But again, you could have avoided all this. How? We'll talk about this and moving forward. All right.These are the couple examples. Now let's look at a long-term impact. See if you're going through this stuff right now, you need to fix this.It just, long-term impact is the inability to just recover from the early losses. You kind of thinking of all, I funded my account with a thousand bucks for 10 times now and I've blown 10 trading accounts at $10,000 that I've lost in the market. I need to somehow make this money back.You want to make $10,000 back from a thousand dollar account. You make 20% of this, that's 200 bucks. Oh, okay.There's still 9800 to go. It's just inability to recover from early losses. Now you're not trading to win.
Now you're trading to not to lose. Now you're trading to not give back the money. Now you're trading to recover from the early losses.That doesn't work. You see what I'm saying? Increased pressure of performance. Like when you have a, like I'll get, I'll tell you a little story.All right. Um, back when I was single, um, back when I was single and, um, this, um, I was working at a construction site at this stage and, um, this chick that I, that used to work at the construction site as well. Um, and we were like four or five dudes trying to hit on her.Right. And, um, somehow she was not interested in anybody pretty much. Um, but she was like a good looking motherfucker, like a 10, a hundred percent, a 10.Everybody tried. Now, anyway, I never tried because I thought I never have a hope. I'm like, I don't have a hope.This I'm like, this dude's like six, four, this dude's six, four. He's fucking nicely built. This motherfucker is six, four.He's nicely built. Oh, he has tattoos all over his fucking body. He has dreadlocks. I got no hope. I'm like, I'm an Indian dude. Hardly know any English.And I'm just like working my ass off because I don't want to get fired. And I like, I got shit fucking shit car that cost you about 400 bucks. These dudes come in like trucks.They're like, I'm like, come on, man. I don't have hope. Anyway.So I had a work at a work party at a Christmas party. Um, you know, at a work party that we had, she was like being too super nice. It's like 20, 20, 18, um, late 2018.She was super nice. Whatever. And, uh, having a conversation, have a couple of drinks and she started hitting me.Um, and you know, I started him back and, and all of a sudden fucking we're making out now, these dudes are sitting there like, what the fuck we like, how, how, I don't know how, but anyway, um, now I have this fucking pressure of performance, right? He's like, all right, my place after the, at this pressure of performance, I'm like, okay, all these dudes wanted her. No, I got her. I have this pressure of performance.And you know, when you have fucking, when you, when you thinking of performance too much, you're like, oh my God, I don't know. And guess what? Yeah, I sucked. I sucked big time.And that's just because, because of the, because you start thinking of performance too much, you start thinking about, uh, you don't want to suck. And when you think about, you don't want to suck when you're thinking about, you don't want to lose, um, your focus from winning goes
away. I was too focused on not wanting to suck rather than fucking just like being me and doesn't work.Um, and yeah, that was it. That was the end of the fucking, um, that love story chapter, you know what I'm saying? Because of me just thinking too much about something, the performance issues goes in as they go in life. You see what I'm saying? When you're thinking of too much about that, you need to perform so you can get the money back.Um, that just doesn't work. You see what I'm saying? And that leads to lower, like that, it lures you into making poor decision making. You just cannot make good decisions because of this.You just like, because you're thinking now not that you, you cannot win when you're trying to play not to lose. You see what I'm saying? You just can't win because every single decision that you will take is because you don't want to lose rather than you want to win. For example, this beautiful trade is setting up nicely.Now, because you're trying to play not to lose, not to lose this beautiful trade, something that you know it works is setting up nicely. You'd never jump into a trade because you're like, Oh, if I don't jump into a trade, I will not be read. I will not give back my gains.Sweet. But this trade could have made you another 20%. But you made a poor decision not jumping into a trade just because you don't want to lose.So you cannot win when you're trying to play not to lose. You see what I'm saying? And that leads to potential for significant financial strain because now you're worried about it again. Oh my God, I could have caught this trade.And the next trade that you take is poor decision. It's a, like it's a setup. It's a B setup.The next trade, this was A plus and you missed it. But you have a recency bias for the next trade and you jump in more bigger position size and that trade doesn't work. And now from your$1,200 trading account, you're down to 940 again.You see what I'm saying? It's just potential for significantly losing the money increases to a point where you just cannot come out as a winner. You just keep on going south and south and south and south and slowly you just, it just doesn't work. And that goes to need to constantly keep adding money to the account because you keep blowing your money.10 times you already did. Now this will be the 11th time. Now you need to make back $11,000.Now you're trying to compete because you want to make the money back 11,000. Guess what? What happens? It doesn't work. Again, go south.But what are the some of the steps that you need to take right now in order to come out of this? Something right now. Use the rule 2020. I definitely recommend every single person who's listening to this right now, you need at least 3K, 5K to trade.
3 to 5K is a good number. I'll definitely still lean towards the 5K number. Now you might be sitting there, but man, not everybody has 5K.I get it. The third point is for you then. But 5K, then playing 2020 on that 5K, what I mean by that is you divide this 5K into five parts, 20% and each part is $1,000, right? And you take five trades, okay? Max you can go is 1K, bid setups have less money, but max you can go 1K.You make 20% of that, of this one trade that's 200 bucks. You make 20% of this, that's another200. You make 20% of this, another 200.You lose 20% of this, you lose 200. You lose 20% of this, you lose 200. You still ended up the day$200 green.Now you have 5,200 bucks. It's just, that's how you are able to grow, all right? You still need 5K. And I think you can nail four out of five trades if you're taking only A plus setups for the day, only A plus setups.And four out of five trades simply means you're making about $600 a day. Four trades leads to 800, for example, 20%. And one trade that doesn't work takes 200 away, that leads to $600 profit.And next day you have 5,600, then 6,000. That's how you're able to make some money. Use the rule 2020.And focus on quality over quantity. You do not have to take all five trades in a day. But whatever trades you take, only take A plus setup who has a win rate, high win rate.So even if you take three trades and you nail two out of these three trades, that's still money. See, A plus setups will not just give you 20%. One trade will make you 300.Other one can take, let's say, can make probably, let's say, 200, 500. Then one trade that doesn't work take away 200, for example, that's still 300 bucks for the day. And $400 on average a day is times 252 trading days, that's $100,000.You see what I'm saying? Focus on quality of trades rather than quantity. And if you're like, bro, not everybody can start with 5K, this point is for you. Save some money.Work three jobs if you have to. You want me to feel sorry for you? You want me to feel bad for you? You want me to be like, oh my God, you don't have money? Oh, poor you. No, bro.What the fuck? We're not playing victim-victim here, man. We're not playing fucking games here. You do not have enough money for your trading.There's no point of trading with a thousand bucks and then losing it all. Go work another job. Go fucking do night shifts fucking at some other place.
Oh, but bro, it's so hard with family. I get it. You're going to do it for the family now.Oh, but my missus is not supportive. Hey, if you're down here and she's not supportive, when you're up there, why the fuck do you need? Again, I'm not fucking suggesting anything, but bro, how can you be comfortable wherever you are if you do not have enough? You know you deserve more. Why the fuck are you not fucking working for it? Save some money.Work three jobs. Work extra hard fucking for a month. Like in a month, every single person can make extra fucking 3k at least a month.You already have 2k in your trading account. Work extra hard for that 3k. Have 5k in your trading account now.Go for it. And then get back to the market. Increase your trading capital somehow. Work extra. I don't care, bro. Save some money.You see what I'm saying? Before you spend money on anything, just ask yourself, do I really need it? Do I really need it? Let me sleep on it. That's it. Let me sleep on it.Most of your financial stupid decisions that you have right now, the car that you're driving that you do not even need, you can buy something fucking cheap just because you want to show off to other motherfuckers and you're driving this car and paying $400 a month for this car, you can get rid of this fucking car. You see what I'm saying? It's all about sleeping. I still to this day, like I can show you the fucking, look at this.One of my dudes reached out to me from one of my businesses, right? And he goes, he asked me a question and this is my reply. And it was only fucking 2,500 bucks. Only 2,500 bucks they're going to cost me.You know what I told him? I don't know if you can read it. I said, let me sleep on it. Tell you tomorrow.Do fuck to think right now. And this was about 7pm. And I usually go to bed at 3 or 4am, right? Because my market opens at night.7pm, I'm like, let me sleep on it. Because anything that I do, I sleep on things before I fucking make a financial decision. Anything in four figures, more than four figures, I sleep on it.Anything in the four figures, like 400, 900. Yeah, whatever. I don't care.But anything amounts to four figures, five figures, six, seven. Like seven, I'm going to sleep on it for a week. You see what I'm saying? For seven figures, sleep on it for a week.Six figures, I sleep on it for a week. Five figures probably takes me about two or three days sometimes. And when it's four figures, I just want to sleep on it for a night.
I know, speed's king. But most of the decisions that you need to take can improve significantly for you, for your business. Financial decisions which are not necessity, but they're luxury, sleep on it.See what I'm saying? And then, next day, think what you think. Your brain will think automatically overnight and you have the answer. So, go increase your trading capital.Go work extra hard. You deserve it. Bro, you deserve the fucking money from the market.Only thing that's stopping you right now is you and your less trading capital. So, use the rule 2020, dividing everything in 20%, then aiming for 20% gains. Start with 5K.Even fuck 3K, 5K. 5K is a sweet number. Sweet, beautiful number.Okay, dividing everything into five positions, max position size that you can take is a thousand bucks. If it's a B setup, it goes 500, but you can never exceed thousand bucks on a trade. That's the rule.So, if it's three contracts and those three contracts are trading for $400 each, that means if you take three contracts, that'll be 1200, but I cannot exceed a thousand bucks. Take two, but that's 800. Yeah, max is thousand.You just, you can be below a thousand, but you can never be over a thousand. That's the rule, 2020 rule. Okay, you do this for a long period of time, you will be fucking profit, you will make money.And this can go be, instead of 5K, this can be 10K. This can be 10,000 and you still do the 20% rule, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000. If you have 20,000, you still go with 2020 rule, 4000, 4000, normal position size.If you have 40,000, 8,000, 8,000, 8,000, that still stays the number. Use the 2020 rule. Imagine you have $10,000, your normal position size is 2000.2000, you make 20% off it, that's 400 bucks. You take three trades like that, that's how easy it is to make a thousand dollars a day. You see what I'm saying? You just need a little bit of structure.So, stop trying to navigate through insufficient capital. This is something that you can change. Go out there and try to change it.You want control of this, not government. The stuff that government do to you, taxes and shit, you can't control it and you still find peace with it. This stuff you can control.So, stop finding peace with it, just go change it. Alright, I'll see you soon. Peace. Let's fucking go.
co7u4o2e4sec72ve2l4gAll right, what is going on? So from the last video that I recorded to now, I had a haircut. My barber was here. I have a haircut.My barber comes home. Man, my time is valued, man. I can't be sitting... I can't go to the store and sit there fucking wait for my turn now.We have a weekly appointment with my barber. Every week. Friday.He gotta come down and Yeah, that's what we do every week. Every week. It's just best.Like one, you know, one week beard. I don't know why I'm telling you this. The reason I'm telling you this, so you know the secret to me looking so beautiful every day.Right. Anyway. Let's go over this.Let's go over the third topic. Understanding and avoiding over trading. Everybody talks about don't over trade.Don't over trade. Don't over trade. Don't over trade.There, there, there. Everywhere. But what is the actual meaning of over trading? People like somehow up until probably a couple years ago, I didn't understand what is over trading.Like I was already making money from trading and I still didn't understand what is the meaning of over trading. Over trading. I'll give you the simple idea of these two people, right? There's two different in this photo.You can see one side. He doesn't have a fancy setup. Whatever.Other side. He has a very fancy setup, but he's mess. Here it's mess too, but he's mess here, right? He's like over doing everything.He's like, oh, let me have over extra screens. Let me watch more stuff. Let me watch more stuff on the indicators or you know, like make making it just super tough for himself.He's just like thinking, alright, that's how you make money. Mess everywhere. Stuff everywhere.This doesn't need to be here. These boxes don't need to be here. This fucking stuff don't need to be here.Whereas on this side, we have, he's chilling man. He has some stuff on the floor, but it's all piled properly, piled still, still way better than this guy, right? This is, this is me. Like for most part, this side is me.I have a lot of stuff sitting on the ground if I can show you, but the only reason it's on the floor
is because hey, it's not like this. This guy's overdoing everything. Like, yeah, you know, just chilling.The dude's chilling. You can see he's making money if I can just do screens. Don't need a lot of screens.He has some stuff on the walls that he can kind of go, you know, check. I have my mom and dad's photo. I have some stuff on the walls, just, you know, and he's getting the sunshine.I get the sunshine from those windows. Basically, the goal here is we need to understand what is the meaning of over-trading. We need to understand what is over-trading if we need to.If you have to avoid a mistake, if you have to fix a mistake, you need to understand the mistake first. If you do not think that you are making a mistake, there's no way we're gonna fix it, right? Now, let's go over it, right? Shall we? Let's start and we'll see how we go, all right? Now, here we are. So, understanding and avoiding over-trading.What is over-trading? What is over-trading? Over-trading is like, I want to kind of think of over- trading as somebody who takes too many trades, too many trades, or somebody who thinks a lot before taking a trade. Like, a lot. Thinks a lot.You know, I'm pretty sure you know some people think a lot before taking a trade. What if this doesn't work? And, over-trading also is like somebody who overdoes when he does, but when he doesn't, he doesn't give a fuck at all. I'll give you an example.Somebody that I know, he is a bit overweight, like, over what he should be. Anyway, he overdoes when he does, and he does not do at all when he does not. So, basically means is, oh, let's do a diet.You'll be doing 1200 calories a day, while his body needs fucking 4k, 4000 calories a day. I'm like, bro, like, your body needs 4000. Even if you have 3000, you'll slowly lose weight.This is unreal. Unrealistic. No, I've got to do it quick.Or he'll spend three hours in the gym. Bro, you only need 40 minutes. Like, overtime. This is overtime. This ain't like three weeks. This is overtime.But when he eats, fuck the diet. He'd be eating fucking 10,000 calories a day. This dude can.You see what I'm saying? He's like overdoing when he does, he doesn't do anything when he doesn't. So, those sort of people are called overtraders in everything. Like, overdoers in everything, right? They do a little bit extreme, but when they don't do, they don't do at all.So, that kind of, I'm pretty sure you know somebody like that, and that kind of leads to your trading as well. If you're somebody who thinks a lot, if you're somebody who's having anxiety a
lot, if you're somebody who sees other person younger than you, or somebody that you know, or somebody that you've followed for quite a while, and you see them succeed, and you're happy for them, but deep inside you're feeling shit about yourself, that, you see what I'm saying? You're an overdoer. The other dude put a lot of time in, and he's reaping the reward.You haven't put that much time in, you're almost on your way, and you're kind of thinking about it. Like, those people are called overdoers. I used to be one of those.I used to get anxious, like my anxieties are like at the peak sometimes, or used to, where literally I'd be like thinking about the future. So, this is how the anxiety-depression works. Your past gives you depression.My past don't give me depression. I don't, I don't care. I can't be fucked.Your future gives you anxiety. My future always fucking gives me anxiety, or used to. Now I'm channeled.So, that could be called over-traders. Somebody who over-thinks of everything. You see what I'm saying? You get the point, right? Now, let's go over.What are some of the triggers for over-trading? Now, let's get back to trading. So, some of the triggers would be for over-trading. Let's say you had a big loss, and you want to recover from the loss.Let's say you paid for this KCU, and you're like, oh my god, but I haven't made the money back enough. And you try to do big position sizes, which you know that you shouldn't, or you already know your mistakes, and you know that you shouldn't be doing this, but you still do it regardless. You're somebody who over-does shit, and over-doing stuff never gonna make you money.It just doesn't work the way that it just doesn't work. You see what I'm saying? So, if you're somebody who has trigger points, which leads to over-trading, such as the market making a quick sudden move against you, right, that pushes you to be like, oh my god, market's telling me I'm wrong. Let me teach this bitch a lesson.Even though you do it consciously or unconsciously, it does not matter. But what triggers you? I want you to sit down, pause the video right now, write down everything. What triggers you to over-think? What triggers you to over-trade? So, even for the life, write down your something that you do not like.Like, personally me, if I see someone walk too slow, and I'm walking with them, and we are walking somewhere, and they're walking too slow, it just my blood stops. I get annoyed. Like, I'll probably catch up.Hurry up. That's my trigger for over-thinking. I'm like, man, I can't fucking do business with this
bloke.He doesn't even know how to walk. You see what I'm saying? Just some stuff. Sit down and write.If somebody asks you the same question three or four, five, ten times, you get annoyed or not. Some triggers. What triggers you in life as well? You see what I'm saying? What triggers you to over-think? What triggers you to, you see somebody fucking your age, or younger than you, or you went to school with, you see him fucking getting a new Lamborghini or something, and that makes you over-think about your life choices? Sit down and write.Or you take a trade, and you had a big loss, and now you're trying to recover from that loss. Makes you think, oh, you know, that's over-thinking. Write down.Write down the triggers. It's different for everybody. You see what I'm saying? Like, literally ask yourself this question.Are you trying to chase losses? Are you trying to chase the investments? Are you trying to say, oh, I'm a winner, because you told everybody you're a winner, but in reality you're not winning. So now there's a fucking, there's a little thing in your head where you're like, man, I need to, I need to, everyone thinks that I'm a winner, but I need to fucking make sure that I am a winner. That triggers your thoughts.The stuff like this, right? I don't know, I don't know fucking what triggers you, man, but ask yourself questions. Sit down. Sit down for a minute after this, right? Are you being over- confident after a huge win? Did you had a huge win in the past where you made a lot of money on SPX or NVIDIA or fucking something? And that's kind of sitting in your brain.Be like, oh man, I'm a winner. And next day you approach the market. You're trying to expect the same things that you had previously on SPX, on NVIDIA, on whatever, whatever, whatever.Are you trying to say, trying to think if you can get the same results that you had in the previous trade? And that might be fucking with your head a little bit. You see what I'm saying? Anything that pushes you to a point where you stop thinking of repetition of a move, that's over trading, right? I've seen this, I've seen this in the past where some of my students who made a lot of money on certain stock and it's, or even one month, like one day they got lucky or some, you know, they caught a fucking big move. They made 5,000 bucks.This one of my students, he made $5,000 on a trade. I think it was on SPX. Now he's like, oh shit, damn.He made that from a thousand dollar account. And I told him like, bro, take the money out. Just take this 5,000 and put it in your bank.He's like, all right, he did. But this thousand bucks, he wants to do it again. Now he's only
watching SPX for like, SPX, all right, this can happen.He's trying to repeat the same stuff. Anything in life, man, that you do, if you're trying to repeat the same previous things, not gonna work. Good example of this is one of my good friend, one of my good friend of mine, he's a very, very cool dude.He's a good, very good, very, very good chef. He's a really good chef. And I asked him once, I'm like, bro, this thing that you made, his signature, like signature move, he makes it really fucking good.Like, really good. It's like, you know, Wagyu steak and stuff. Anyway, but this dish, he makes really fucking good.Anyway, I asked him, I'm like, bro, I swear to God, this fucking same dish yesterday tasted a little bit different than today. He's like, yeah, could be. Like, how come? He's like, oh, first, it depends on the meat, right? Even if it's the same meat, depends on the meat.Sometimes it tastes different. Also depends on a little bit of salt. Depends on how rare you want it, medium rare fully, how you want it.It's different every time I cook it, but almost stays in the same category. So he's like, if A and B, B means same every time. As humans, you can't have something same every time.A, there's like a million times, even if I do it, they're all going to be a little bit different. And I was like, yeah, that's so true. And he trades as well, by the way, he trades for fun.He's like, oh, just like trading, man, every day is different. Even though it stays somewhere in the same bucket, but every day is different. I'm like, yeah, that's so true.But the moment you start trying to repeat the same outcome, you pretty much become a fucking, try to become a machine. Only a robot, only a machine can do that shit. We're humans, we can't.And the moment you start, like, write this down, write this down. The moment you start thinking that you are God in trading, everything's going to go south. You're not God.Even in life, anywhere, the moment you start thinking you're the God, in other words, you're perfect, everything's going to go south. Only God's perfect. Everything else, nope.Everybody makes mistakes. Everybody. Even the fucking most spiritual person that you know, I'm pretty sure he made mistakes.Everybody makes mistakes in life, right? Depends on, like, what mistake is very subjective. For a gang member, fucking, hey, if there's some gang member in the jail, his mistakes are totally different than somebody who's at the church. You see what I'm saying? They're totally different mistakes, but everybody makes mistakes.
So, please, only God's perfect. Don't think you're a God, because I promise you're not God. So, are you being overconfident after a huge win? If yes, that might be pushing you to get over- trading, because you're trying to expect the same results.You want to repeat the same results, but the results are not rapid, like, it's not repeating. That's causing you to fucking have this anxiety in you, which is fucking pushing towards depression, because now you're thinking of the past trades too much. But you're getting anxiety and depression at the same time, and you're like, all this mess.The moment you start becoming a mess, you're going to go down like this, a downward spiral, like, big time. See what I'm saying? Now, some examples of this. Making multiple trades in a day to try to come back from a previous loss.You had a loss, say you lost 400 bucks, and you took the next trade, you made 120 back. Now you're down 280 bucks. Still red on the day, but 280 bucks.You watch, watch, watch, watch, you wait, wait, wait, wait, everything looks good, chart looks good, beautiful, now it's pulling back. It's giving you a beautiful patience candle, but you look at this, risk to reward. You're like, it's like one to one, pretty much, at this stage.You know what, I really like it. Instead of you jumping into 10 contracts, which your normal position size is, you jump into 20 contracts, because you really want to come out green, and you think this will bring you green. Anyway, if this trade goes the way it should be going, it will make you fucking money.But, you know what happens most times. 10 contracts would have lost you, say, 250 bucks, but because you oversize, now you double the oversize, that's $500 loss. If it would have worked, it would have made you $500 as well, like one to one risk to reward.But, it doesn't work. It's a stop loss. Your brain goes, you know what man, fuck KCU, fuck Somesh, fuck everybody, everybody fucking scammed me.I'm down 780 bucks on the day. Let me see if I can correct it. Next trade that you see looks like the same.It looks like A plus setup. Even though the risk to reward is one to two, where it's one risk to reward. You take that trade, and you know what happens.When you're down, market will do everything to annoy you even more. Now you're already down 780, then you lose another 300. Now you're down 1080, out of your 1500 trading account.You get the point. That's one big reason. This trade should have done with even smaller position size because you were already red on the day.If you're red, red, red, red, do small position sizes. You see what I'm saying? But you doubled your position size. I want you to think of, what would a normal trader do? A normal trader will
double down on the next trade.A normal trader would do this. I'm not normal. Normal people don't make money. Normal people don't get rich. I'm better than everybody. You have to have this thinking.I know it sounds silly, but you have to have this thinking. You are better than everybody. That's how you make money.I always think I'm better than everybody. It's not being in a cocky way, but you get my point. I'm like, what would a normal people do? Are they double down? You know what? I'm going to keep my size down.Even if I make $250, I make $120. I'm happy because now I only got $160 red. Another $120, I'm only down $40.You see what I'm saying? Rather than trying to make it work just right now in this trade. Because shit don't work that way. You see what I'm saying? Stock market's not perfect.The only perfect thing is, you know what's perfect in life? Give it a guess. The only perfect thing is your wife. Never makes a mistake.Never make a mistake. But yeah, jokes apart. You get the point.Don't try to be perfect. Don't try to be the God. You do not know what's going to happen.If you take a loss because you know what's going to happen, you are to blame. Blame yourself. Sit down.Write down the stuff. Blame yourself. Where did everything go wrong? How you could have done it better? What would you do better next time? You see what I'm saying? Then another example of this is trading without a specific objective which leads to exhaustion and decreased ability to make informed decisions.Now you do not have a specific objective on the day. For example, a trade, pull it back. Gives you a beautiful patient scandal.You enter. You do not know the stop loss or you do not know your profit target. This no specific objective that you should have had, but you do not have those.It will lead to exhaustion because even if the trade goes up, you have no idea where to get out. Every time it makes a little bit of pullback, you'll be like, oh my God. You see what I'm saying? Every time a little pullback will happen, you will literally, your heart will come here.I can't breathe. Every time things go, it's flying. You're happy, but little pullback makes you sad. It's exhaustion. That's fucking you up. It's literally not letting you make informed decisions.
Sometimes, of course, I miss fucking big moves. Of course, I'll get out here with my, you know, I'll get out 70% of my position here. I'll get out like 50% position here, another 20% here.I only got 30%. If I would have held the whole trade, I would have made 100 grand, but I only made fucking 11 grand. Whatever the numbers are, right? 1,100 or I would have made 10,000.Whatever the numbers are, subjective. But I had a specific objective. This point, this point, it did not exhaust me.But the moments when you do not have specific objectives, it will exhaust you. Please, every single trade that you take, every single fucking trade that you jump in or you jump out of, there should be a specific reasoning for you jumping into a trade with your stop-loss, with your profit target, with your profit target two, with your profit target three, with how you're going to get out of your remainder of the runners, be it break-even or be it based on a structure where the things are moving as a structure and every time it makes a structure, you bring in your stop- loss up and up. Howsoever it is, you need to have a specific objective if you want to make money.If you don't want to make money, bro, do whatever the fuck you want because at the end of the day, you are only a guest for a limited amount of days in the stock market. If you have a specific objective, you will be able to stay in the market for a little bit long time because you know where your stop-loss is. Somehow, even if you have done KCU, I see traders who send me messages.They're like, bro, I should have jumped out of at this point but I didn't sell because I was thinking maybe it will hold VWAP which was sitting right there and then it will hold 200 moving average and I didn't jump out here. If I would have jumped out here, I would have lost 150. Now, I lost 400.I'm so stressed, man. Bro, you're the reason why you're stressed. If you would have jumped out here, lost 150, another around this fucking 200 moving average or around this VWAP, if it gave you a nice patience candle, if you would have jumped in again there, even if that trade doesn't work, you're down another 150, that's down 300 rather than one trade down 400.Think about this. You get my point? So, if you're trying to trade without specific objective, without specific reasoning and you're trying to overthink while you already have a specific objective of where you're going to take profits and where you're going to have a stop loss, if you already know those numbers and you're still overthinking when the stock goes there, you have a big problem and that problem is you. You see what I'm saying? Literally, please push yourself out of the way.Push yourself out of the way. You are standing in your own fucking success. You're stopping yourself from fucking going up.Stop. Alright. If you don't, the long-term impact of this will be you will literally lose your capital.
You will lose all the money that you have fucking built by working five jobs, five days a week, seven days a week, five jobs a fucking a week or whatever it is, right? You built the capital to fucking 5K and if you cannot stop overthinking your trades, you will literally lose all the capital. It will lead to burnout. You will burn out.You will not be able to stay in the game for a long period of time. You will burn out and you will literally chase your own tail, come to a point where your head will be spinning because you're chasing your own tail like a fucking dog at this stage. Your head will spin.Your head will spin at a point where you cannot take it anymore. You will literally fall and when you fall, you won't be able to get up into the market. Even if you do, you will think of it as a wrong fucking mistake.You won't think of it, mistake is you. You will think of maybe the KCU is mistake, maybe Somesh is mistake, maybe this is mistake but in reality, you are bullshitting to yourself. Stop fucking lying to yourself.All this will lead to poor decision making. When poor decision making happens, you know what happens? You will make stupid decisions. The trades that will work, you'll tell yourself, Oh my God, I'm such a fucking good man.Man, I know what I'm doing. Wow. The trades that don't work, we're like, Oh, that's Somesh. Oh, that's KCU. Oh, that's V. Oh, that's not my fault. Oh, there's that.Which leads to bad trading habits. Now you're taking the credit for everything that works but you're throwing the blame for everything that don't work. That leads to bad trading habits.You start thinking of yourself as God. The moment you start thinking of yourself as God, the moment you start thinking of yourself as a perfect being, things go south. And again, the blame game will continue and you keep blaming and blaming and blaming and blaming and you eventually will start hating me.You'll start hating my fucking thing. You start hating me. And then the hate comes to a point where you're like, Fuck this shit, man.You see what I'm saying? Please, please. It's just mostly because of the poor decisions you're making. It's mostly because the habits that you have are bad habits and start taking responsibility.So important. So what are some of the steps that you need to take right now? Set daily trade limits. I'm only going to take 3 trades a day, 4 trades a day, 5 trades a day.Max 10 trades a day. Have a max limit. A max max.That's max. I can be happy with 2, but no more than 10 trades. You see what I'm saying? I'm not
one of those traders who's going to be like, Oh bro, only take 2 trades a day.Nah, fuck that shit, man. If there's opportunity, take as many trades as you want. But still have a max number.No more than 10 trades a day. No more than 15 trades a day. Period.Did you get my point? Have daily trade limits. 10 trades a day, but if you lose 3 trades in a row, I need to walk away. Don't worry about the fucking loss.Walk away. Come back tomorrow. Try to make the money back.If you can make the money back, sweet. If not, 3 red trades. Walk away. Now, 10 trades. Let's say I took the 1st trade. It's a loss.2nd trade, win. 3rd trade, win. 4th trade, loss. 5th trade, loss. 6th trade, win. Loss.Loss. Win. Win.Sweet. This is good. You see what I'm saying? This is good.But if you have something like 1st trade, loss. 2nd trade, loss. Win. Loss. Loss. Loss.3 trades. Get out. If this is win, then next you have 3 trades loss.Get out. Don't even try the last one. You get my point? Implement strict, like, strict risk to reward for each trade.Like something you have to follow. This is, this comes from patience candles. And please do not overcomplicate shit.Don't overthink shit. I gave you the system. I gave you the plan.I gave you the map to get to the fucking riches. There's, man, there's gold buried. And I gave you the treasure map.Right? I gave you the whole treasure map. And you're still thinking. And on the treasure map, it says, this is where you go.Under the tree right here. And this is how you get there. You're like, sitting here, you're like, oh my god.It will take me fucking long time if I go from there. Let me take a shortcut. You're thinking the
shortcut will go there.But it's going some, some other place. You're going to take you long. Yeah, eventually you might end up.But you will only end up from my way. You'll eventually get your head right. And you'll try to go to the fucking thing.After all this. So stop the fucking crap. Cut the crap.Use what I fucking say. That's why you're here. That's why you paid me money for.All right. Don't pick and choose. What's the point? Imagine getting a fucking advice from somebody and picking and choosing what you want.Out of that advice and leaving everything. What's the point? And take some breaks, man. Just take some breaks.Take a break. Every now and then you deserve it. Take a break.After every, after trading 11 weeks, take one week off. After trading 11 weeks, take one week off. Oh, but Sumesh, all the big moves will happen in that one week.Yeah, so. You see what I'm saying? Or take FOMC week off. FOMC day off.Take breaks. You see something. Rather than telling yourself, I can be choppy today because the feds are speaking, because FOMC, because of this and that.No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Take a break. Just don't worry about it.If you think you're going to be choppy, just take, what the fuck for? You get my point? Take some breaks. Last point, please, please, please, prevent your fatigue burnouts. It will help you maintain clarity.Prevent your fatigue. Prevent your burnouts. The only way you're going to do that is literally stop over-fucking-thinking.Stop over-thinking shit. Anything that's not in your control. If you're worried about fucking, what if, bro, it's raining, I don't want to get wet.That's not in your control. The only thing that's in your control is, god damn, carry an umbrella. Carry an umbrella.That's in your control. Anything else, everything else is not in your control. What's the point of thinking about it? You see what I'm saying? Think about shit that you can control.That's the best way you'll get to the money. It will help you maintain clarity. Prevent fatigue.
Please prevent fatigue. Go to bed at the same time. Wake up at the same time. Do all this. Go to the gym. Go work out.Eat a little bit healthy. I'm not saying do cold plunges, fucking sit in the fucking cold water. Fuck no.Fuck that shit. You see what I'm saying? It's so important. Take some breaks. You got this. Now I gave you a lot to think about right now. Go.There's like 20 minutes. Go. Sit down with this information. And I'll see you soon. Alright. Let's go.You got this.
cobu1m466ssc713upu5gAlright, what is going on? Hope you're doing well. So Welcome to a new psychology Session video or whatever you want to call it, right? In this one, we're gonna go over that topic that one topic that I personally think is one of the most important topic Which is the art of letting go like I get it. This is an art I don't know if you fucking understand what I'm talking about here, but it's it's not a Science what science is something you have to stick to certain measures, right? This is an art slowly gets better kind of like skill Right.It's slowly get better and you have to know how to paint the picture kind of you know If you if you if you want to grow to the next level you see them then for example You can either be on this side or you can be in this side either side like this is like peaceful Fucking you know relaxed fucking version of trading Whereas this side it's still peaceful It's still but you're chilled here. Like it's cold Colder version of trading now, I get it. Hey You always start here where your body's like fucking getting colder when you're trading, you know, your feet are getting cold and slowly becomes peace because there's nothing that you learn along the journey other than your Experience and couple tips and tricks that you learned along the journey Which change your life pretty much you see them saying but it's a slow transition but I'm to kind of Put it in better words.I would say if you think about it, right if you think about it It's It's the innate human struggle that we all kind of go through to accept defeat Like when we have to accept a loss on a trade, it's like accepting three defeat or loss compare and we kind of we kind of You know, we can try to compare with how difficult it is to understand to admit that you're wrong in an argument Even though you know deep inside you're wrong, but the beat at the heat of the moment Like it's not my fault. I'm not saying sorry and you you somehow find One thing which weighs towards yourself. It'd be like you said some one rude thing, right? but other and you said and Your partner said fucking ten different rude things or other way around they said You know one rude thing and you said ten bad stuff, but you still but you said that You know just just to put throw them, you know rub that on their face It's kind of like we do not we do not want to accept the defeat the beat of the moment, right? That's exactly what we do in trading as well.So let's say you're thinking on this particular child You're thinking to go long, right? Are you actually sitting in long your stop-loss hits, but you do not cut it It comes down these two green candles make you feel like oh my god Finally started bouncing. I knew it Rather than thinking. Oh, maybe I can jump in towards the downside and catch a move toward the downside Now you are like kind of sitting there.These green candles are giving you a motivation. Oh my god This is it. This is what I want.And that's why it's very that's why I always say don't be biased because you ignore six red candles and You see these two red candles you like oh my god, thank God Why not just flip the position you see them saying admit that you're wrong because you'd rather be wrong Like I
rather be wrong, but I still want to make money if I think Tesla can go up by end of the day but Tesla is pushing down. I'm I'm happy to be called wrong, bro You called out Tesla towards the upside, but it kept selling off. Yeah, but I made money towards the downside.I'd rather be wrong It makes sense. It's like kind of think about Think about how important it is to kind of Recognizing in the real time that you are fucking up you see them saying over time it gets better But when you're first starting out why you go through so much pain like right? Recognize that's the first thing right and Most of us rec can recognize you me we can recognize Hey, we can recognize in the real time that we are fucking up You see them then but we do not act on it You see them then and this is one thing one thing. I don't know exactly where I heard it I was reading some book.It's like if you recognize something The most fucking like since we were kids we found this we recognize something we acted on that Information's like since forever you recognize the store is hot you act. All right, you know what? Let me not touch it You see them saying you recognize something and you act but when it comes to trading We recognize but we fail to act on that recognition of a pattern recognition of a habit recognition of our current self in the trade see them saying Like you need you should know when to kind of walk away from that particular trade I'll kind of you know, we'll break this whole thing down now there is the Psychologically, it's so difficult to accept losses our brains are wired to avoid losses. This is like one purpose of a brain It's wired to avoid losses because losses hurt the brain and it helps it fucking or not helps by it it Whenever you're going through a certain loss or something man Your brain is kind of think of think of it in a way your brain is burning calories and your brain don't like that brains Like oh my god, that's the fuel going away from me.So what it does it tries to just You know make it look normal over time and and over time what happens is you learn about your yourself and the brains like All right, man, you know this motherfuckers pretty persistent, you know what I mean? So it is what it is, but initially when you're first starting out a brain are wired to avoid a loss You see I'm saying it's kind of think of this Think of this best example that I have for you. I'm pretty sure I'm talking to you right now You have a bad habit to hold on to things and you never check it out Just thinking or just in case if I need it in future. Yeah, it's like if you go to your garage you go to your garage or Your your basement or fucking or in the storage, you know for a fact there's something sitting there, which you haven't fucking used in last three years and The only reason you wouldn't throw it out just in case That's like you're trying to avoid losses use it a man Because psychologically it's very difficult for us to accept.Okay, I Have like let's say even me personally man personally me in my wardrobe There's about maybe about ten different shirts that I do not freaking like I bought it But I never gonna wear it again They're still hanging on the fucking co-hanger, but I'm never gonna read them But I just don't want to check it out just in case Hey crazy, huh? That's just our brains are wired to it's like a psychological thing for us. See them saying and then You like yeah, that's all me. You're talking to me.
I know I'm talking to you All right, then then kind of like the tendency to hold on to your trade especially you're losing trades too long and you do this right and it's kind of Um think of this as a trade that you're losing money on and you Compare it with all right. This is a bad trade You're sticking with the trade for no fucking reason. You're like, oh, maybe it's like a bad Relationship think about it for a minute The best example I would give here is like You're gonna be like yeah, what the fuck the best example I would give here is like, you know, you are jumping on a Freaking rollercoaster.Okay, you're jumping on a rollercoaster and you're thinking Maybe and the first time you jumped on you like oh man, I don't really like it Be like, you know what? Let me jump on it again. Oh Same thing. I don't like it.Now you're feeling sick But you're just expecting different results every time and that's not how shit works You see them saying because Initially you find out now it's not for me, but you're still doing over and over again just in case I can you know I start loving it from somewhere. That's what happens when you're holding on to your positions losing positions too long You're just hoping man. Maybe there's something in your mind.We like maybe this might be the one this might turn around Maybe my time's coming And Kind of it's just not the best thing and you don't want to do this and you do this people do this in bad trades And people do this in bad relationships. They stick with it hoping something will change You see them saying but in reality Nature's don't change My school principal you should say nature and nature's and signatures don't change and it's so true You see them saying a bad trade the moment you entered pretty much, you know, it's a bad trade Doesn't matter where you exit. It's still a bad trade the nature of that trade not gonna change even if it made you money same goes for relationships Does it make sense? I hope so because I Don't think fucking a lot of people understand this like the the we we as human beings We have this one fucking thing in our head every time we take a trade we take everything personally We just take everything personally see them then and It's not the best thing to do any trade that's going through this is why I like trading man Like I like trading so much because it's just gonna make you a better person.You have to become a M-figure person million figure person to become that become that right and Trading makes you that person way quicker than any other skill that I fucking found out Trading makes you that person that you want to become way quicker than anything else and that's what I like is so much see them then and We we we need to stop bullshitting to ourselves. All right, and I'm talking to you. You need to stop bullshitting to yourself About the moment you jump into trade You know, it's because a winning trade will work the moment you jump in.All right, if this is the stop-loss And everything looks good You need to stop bullshitting yourself. The moment hits your stop-loss you get out and stop be s-ing yourself About oh, I'm such a better. You know, you know, bro.You did everything right? But if you do not sell at your stop-loss That's when you are a fucked-
up trader. And this is what a lot of people do They will keep moving their stop-loss lower and lower. For example is This is a patient scandal Right and this is a trade patient scandal.This is meant to be the stop-loss But just below that there's a hourly level. They're like, oh my god stop-loss is getting triggered. You know what? I'll hold till the hourly level and They hold and just below the hourly level.There's 200 moving average running across you like Oh, maybe I'll hold till 200 moving average and just below that there is VWAP running across or maybe till the VWAP Then ORB, maybe the ORB or premarket law or maybe this and then comes Leproy talking to me. Next hourly level and Then a little bit of a bounce. You're like, oh my god.Thank God it's bouncing But that's another patient scandal for the trade towards the downside. I mean What? But you're like sitting here hoping you're gonna go up and you miss the trade towards the downside just because of your stupid bias By the way, that's my cat over there. It looks scary fucking in the background, but you get my point, right? So stop being Stop bullshitting yourself, man If you want to make money if you really want to make money you gotta do the right way if you don't want to make money, bro, I mean Yeah, you're a guest.You won't be you won't be around for a long time and it fucking sucks to say that It's so true, let's go with some examples of this mistake and these examples probably gonna hit home for you All right Now the first example that I see a lot of people do is they refuse to close a losing trade pretty simple, right? Why would I close it? That's a system. I use a system I close it Your life gonna get better if you do this. Otherwise, what a lot of people do is they sit in hopes for a miracle doesn't work Doesn't work does not work It's the same thing going to a theme park you keep riding the same disappointing fucking ride Hoping it gets better with each car, but each round just makes you feel more fucking sick Sitting in hope for a miracle something will change leads to larger than necessary losses I Mean just ask yourself this question.All right be hundred percent True to yourself ask yourself this question. I'm gonna make myself a little bit bigger ask yourself this one question Since the start of your trading career or in last six months or last three months if You would have accepted every single loss where it was meant to be. I'll say one more time Every single loss on a trade if you would have accepted where originally it was meant to be Where would you be in your life right now? Pause the video ask yourself this question Where would you be in your life right now if in last six months you would have sold everything that you said You're gonna sell at your price Your life be totally different if you do not push it yourself you would be your trading will be little different Your life would be different your confidence would be different your ability to make money would be different Basically everything would be different like you will have better relationships You'll have better health because mentally you're fit Physically you get better physically mentally like spiritually you'll be better You see them Zen Financially, of course, you'll be better Intellectually, you'll be better Every like you'll be more authentic.You will more happy Except spend more time with kids Life's better Only by one fucking thing.
Why would you not do that, bro? If you have to give up, let me ask you this question If you have to give up for rest of your life, you cannot cannot eat Pizzas and let's say you have a bad habit of fucking eating pizzas for whole of your life. You cannot eat pizzas Pretty fat pretty fucking bad, right? You love pizzas But in return Your trading gets it better.Your life gets better. You have more confidence. You're making more money Your relationships are better.Your health is better. You spiritually more connected to God financially intellectually a better person every other way But just this what would you do if you're anything like me you'd be like fuck pizzas and never fucking look at you again No, just replace the pizzas with literally this self Inflicted harm pretty much. That's what you do, man Because it's sabotage when you fucking just stop hurting your own self in any trade Get out no miracle.No miracles Can not a stop praying to God about it because God got better things to fucking do He's got better worries to fucking worry about you see them saying He got more worries to worry about than you sitting in there losing trade and he's not he's not even concerned about you And there's nothing wrong with I'm not I'm not saying anything against the God, but he just got bigger things to worry about then There's trades that you are in shit. I'm saying and then comes the second example of this the second thing is A lot of Alright, so the second mistake of this is averaging down on a losing Position we do this right we do this all the time. I get it I used to do this, but this is one trader who averages down on every single trade It just increases the exposure in the market man Why the fuck would you want to do that like doubling down your bet in poker with a fucking bad hand? Like just hoping the next card will save you instead.You're just putting more money in the fucking pot. Come on It's likely to be fucking losing like you How how does this work? Oh, man? Hey, I I'm you know what I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting the flashbacks from my own fucking life back in the day This is what I used to do. I used to average down on losing positions.I'll refuse to close the losing trade I will just sit there hoping something will change. I'll pray to God. I'll break my keyboard I'll fucking throw my phone.I'll cry. I'll literally ask God why why me? What have I done to you? I'm always fuck. I do so many good things.I donate my I do this this this this But again, it's nothing personal the moment you stop taking this shit personal man your life gonna get better You're trading gonna get better every everything everything that you do gonna get better So, why wouldn't you do that because the long-term impact of this gonna be this All right, if this is if this is you this is what the long-term impact of this gonna be It's just a quick fast track way to lose money Like it's like trying to fill a bucket of water with a hole in on the bottom The more you add The more money you add into a trading account more quicker. It gets emptied That's a long-term impact of you not respecting
and understanding stop-loss or out of letting go If you don't understand the art of letting go You're trying to fill this bucket. It doesn't work There's no stopping button.Unlike in casino, bro. This is one thing in casinos I in casino if you do not put any more money, then Like let's say you get an option. Do you want to add more money? It's it hurts when you grab go to your pocket Take money out and you put give the money you get the chair.It hurts. It's a choice if you do not have If you do not have money you do not get to play They stop you out themselves By trading nobody stops you out themselves only you nobody tells you to shop only you See what I'm saying? That's that's that's how the game works and then you have high stress. Of course you have high of course and Then biggest of all it just skewed risk to reward perception and it just doesn't work.It's just giving you a perception right Man Imagine trying to fucking impress somebody who trying to impress somebody by Grand gestures that do not go notice like for example If you're trying to impress fucking a millionaire billionaire next door and you're doing everything for him. He's not noticing You invest more and more more and more but every single time you like oh my god, but one day he'll But you're not important. You're not adding anything to his pocket.That's why you're not getting Noticed shit. I'm saying it's just like you kind of hoping sitting there fucking one day. Give me attention like I Know saying you do this.You shouldn't do this. Fuck the motherfucker, but you get the point There's a lot of people who do that You see them saying it's just hope of One day it will get better hope of one day if I jump in swing trades every single day one day I will get lucky and make a lot of money Doesn't work You don't send and the stress that comes from a man. Do you really want to go through that? like it's it's Think about this the stress from this is Seem very very similar to you carrying a fucking backpack full of fucking bricks and every single time you take a step with Doing this shit it there's one more brick gets added to the fucking backpack.It gets heavier and heavier Right. Why don't you just stop right now throw those fucking bricks away throw the backpack away Let it go The whole losses everything that you have had let it go I done I'm moving up moving again Like moving forward or moving on with I'm moving fresh. I don't give a fuck See them saying instead of dropping some weight you adding more Bricks to the fucking backpack and that's why it's making your journey Unbearable because you don't know how to stop you need to let go of the previous losses the past losses.It's alright Jim's in and No Letting go just does not mean stop-loss. Letting go also means you letting go of your past You have to See them sin because That's not how the game works. That's how the life works That's why the windscreen of a car.The front one is so big and the rear view screen is usually Mirror is usually little Because they want you to move forward Jim then but if that's you some steps that you need to do right now
and You will come out as a winner and I promise you this You need to define your stop-loss before you jump into trade. Say it out loud Say it out loud. That's that's one tip.Say it out loud 108.8 is where my stop-loss is All right, so let's say your entry is 109.2 whatever profit target you don't have to say out loud 108.8 is my stop-loss. Say it out loud Bro, best thing you'll do for yourself Define your stop-loss before you jump into trade. Say it out loud All right Again, while you were in a trade say out loud a few times where your stop-loss is vocalize your stop-loss It's like much like you know I'm sure because when my wife tells me can you go get this and this from the from the store? This is what I do.I'm like, all right, if she's a milk butter bread, I'm like milk butter bread milk butter bread Milk butter bread milk butter bread. I'm just like kind of repeating a grocery list out loud, so I don't forget milk So saying just stop-loss level out loud will stop you from losing money It will it just Cements your commitment on it. All right, the moment it gets there.Your brain is already prepared for it shit, I'm saying and then comes it just brings the discipline to live by or and you need to do this man like Those levels on your charts you either live by them or you die by them pretty much That's sticking to your diet bro. There will be temptations. They will be like, oh my god need to do But Man you committed, you know committed to that diet, you know committed to that fucking temptation You know what you can be committed to you committed to that healthier outcome right You committed to the journey you committed to their fucking goal.That's what gonna motivate you All right. This is just a way to get there. That's all right And then the last one is don't ruin your home for a hotel I'll give you an analogy here.So my my and I know this probably not the best for this case, but Loss when you need to cut a loss Don't ruin your home for I'm just let's say if you if you have a if you have an argument One bad trade if you have an argument with your significant other And you're like, you know, well, I'm gonna go outside and fucking teach this motherfucker a lesson or teach this fucking bitch a lesson whatever right Just because you like sick and tired of that crap one bad trade and you're like, you know what, I'm gonna go out there and Fucking jump in heavy position size in the next one In this and the other one other one is like, you know, let me go out there fuck some other dude or some other chick All right for Ten minutes you might feel good by yourself, but fucking you're gonna end up bad Yeah for this one for fucking once because you over position size in for once it might feel a little bit good why because You might make the money back here. You lost thousand bucks and here you made Let's say 2100 you made the money back plus change on the top, but you ruined your habit Yeah, once you fucked up. All right, nobody found out.Yeah, whatever, but you're ruining the habit every single time An argument will happen. You want to fucking not you go outside. You see them saying That's what will happen here.And eventually you're gonna fall and this is true You get my point Like if you can integrate these few points men in your training if you can do this Please it's about sticking to the same shit over
and over again. You found out a way. Don't worry one one fucking bad thing All right.It's okay. Don't ruin the long-term thing for one bad thing If you can literally integrate these insights and strategies into your trade in your into your trading man You'll have a healthier relationship with risk. You'll have a healthier relationship with loss You will make you will ensure yourself that you cut losses effectively just to preserve your trading capital and it's Important to preserve your mental being for long-term success All right, this will empower you to manage your fucking your trades your your brain your wisdom trading wisdom discipline resilience And you will start turning those losses into valuable fucking learning opportunities by simply Looking at those stuff and be like, you know what? I need to grab the lesson from you and I will dump you straight away you let go You grab the lesson you grab what you learned from it and you throw the fucking pain points away That's how you just throw the bricks away, bro There's there's no point carrying those bricks in your backpack Grab the lesson Grab the lesson throw the fucking brick away Move on with your fucking backpack You see what I'm saying These are the few steps you need to do if you do it right now The temptation all this this this yes Sometimes you want to hold on to a trade hoping but if you can do this all this right now, man You will improve as a trader and not a little bit, but you will improve significant fucking Lee All right That's all I have and a pathway you doing so good in these videos man Like you pushed through I know these videos a little bit longer and you're still pushing through I'm proud of you.Just know this you're showing up every day. You're doing this shit All right, if if it was some weak motherfucker, man, he would have folded by now, but you didn't the pain that you're going through right now if you are going through any losses and The pain of the losses you're going through is just because you haven't given up Those weak motherfuckers who talk like already gave up and they're probably sitting on the couch thinking all their life is good But your life be better than them fucking within a few months or fucking in ease coming forward You see them then so Just remember I'm rooting for you. I Want you to succeed and I am rooting for you All right I'll see you in the next video Go chill relax grab a drink and sit down make a plan how you're gonna fucking actually get there All right.I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye
cobu1mc66ssc713upu60All right, what is going on another video we here in this video we're gonna go over the trap the the peril trap the fucking That chasing losses man that mistake that we all have made You mean and I made that hundreds of times and ever to this day Sometimes you fuck up you do that. I Don't like you know What been training five years six years? Yeah still still sometimes fuck up and I'll kind of I want to start this by explaining the important concept of You know, and it's really really important. We need to start with What's chasing losses? Like chasing losses is trying to It's kind of equivalent to or maybe as a trading equivalent to digging a deeper and deeper fucking hole for yourself So I'm saying like this you land is on the other side.You just going towards the middle of the ocean Jim's and thinking this little thing fucking gonna save your life, bro. It's Tom You see them then? Nothing gonna save your life just the land gonna save your life That's what gonna save your life using them then you need help at that given time What happens is you dig a deeper and deeper hole instead of trying to climb out of it you keep going in and in and in and It's simply when you try to recover from a financial setback Simply like trying to recover from a trading setback and you try to take a bit of bigger risk Just to try to come out of it You see them Zen and And it's not the best thing you can do for yourself for for your life for the goals that you have for the bigger purpose see them Zen Because you this way you ruin your trading strategy. You ruin your life.You ruin your trading account You ruin your financial capability. You ruin your emotional self. You ruin your financial well-being you Or your family well-being and everything It just doesn't work and then Like this this behavior personally I think it not only jeopardizes your financial health But also kind of the toll that happens on your mental and emotional well-being.It's crazy to them Zen Let's say for example the best example that I'll give you is let's say you tripped over and you fell right? Okay, cool Chasing losses is just like getting up and running again rather than seeing what you tripped over You might fall out in again. Like it's like a little water spilled in your fucking hallway at your home You slipped on it. There might be somebody else who's getting hurt or you might slip on it again ten minutes later Check what what made you go through this? You know pain at first place a lot of people don't do this They don't They're like get up and they run.It's cool. It's cool to not give up and all See them Zen. It's cool to just keep moving forward keep marching forward But you want to stop and you want to check fucking what you tripped over or what? What's you slipped how what made you slip a first place? you see them Zen, but people don't do that for some fucking reason and And that's exactly what chasing losses is pretty much you want to stop and you want to look what actually happened You want to reassess see what what's what's happening? What caused that fucking pain in the first place, but Not many people do that.Why? Because it It kind of puts it put some light on It kind of put some light on what you could
have done and better put some light on your Like it just makes a shine that you actually are not fucking as smart as you think you are Kind of if that makes sense see them Zen Now let's go over this stuff. All right Good. What is the meaning of chasing losses the first place? What is the meaning of it? right Chasing losses simply means by the way, you know what? Hang on There's a little bit of like this some people over at the outside It's getting a little bit loud from them.So I'm a pop because I just gonna talk to you. Nobody else I'm a pull my noise cancellation industrial headphones. I don't want to put my airpods Hang on.I'm gonna say These are my you know, no Bluetooth nothing Straight the best one fucking you can buy Industrial headphones the moment you put this on the whole world just disappears pretty much because you won't be able to hear it Because I have some settings on this mic that only picks up my voice You know the background sound but I can hear it and it's distracting me. So There you go. Now.I look like a fucking I Look like somebody from fucking different planet, but hey, we'll get the point across. All right Damn this is so much better. I'm gonna start recording with this the whole time anyway, so What is the meaning of chasing losses I kind of broke this down before already where the chasing losses you dig a Bigger and bigger hole and you just keep falling into that and it's not the best place to be It's not something that you want to do consistently You want to assess the situation you want to see what actually made that? Pain, and I personally think if you do not if you keep on like if you're somebody who falls and you get up straight away It will ruin your life, all right, you need to assess what made you fucking trip over first place See what I'm saying? And and that kind of leads to compulsion to recover from losses after a trading loss After you lose some money, the feeling is similar to kind of wanting to immediately fix a mistake that you have made, right? You of course you want to fix it that's what we learned whole of our life or It happened this way try again Why did that happen that way a first place you will understand that without fully understanding? Why happen you want to move forward? Like it's a it's simply a financial version of a knee-jerk You know knee-jerk when you go to a minute when you go to a doctor.He he hits He hits your knee with the fucking little Little fucking thing. That's that's what you do. Every time you make a mistake.You should we try to get up straight away It doesn't work It does not work You see Ramzan you need to assess and The feel for need to keep making more trades. I get it I get it when you lose a game immediately want to rematch without taking time to Understand what made the loss happen in first place. I understand But the urgency this is very very important the urgency That you show because you want to fucking try again Urgency clouds our judgment.All right, and when urgency clouds our judgment, you know what happens that leads to Mistakes See them said So you don't like it's cool to have urgency and speed and everything and everything that you do. It's cool and all But at the same time It's not so cool that you think it is right, it's You're gonna kind of understand it in a way We all do these mistakes, right? But
normal people do not get rich. That's what normal people do normal people fucking they they fall they get up straight away No people don't make money It's us weirdos people who fucking know it who they understand the psychology the reasoning the bigger picture of it They make money, right? And I If you chase losses We cleared the point if you chase losses the next examples will will be like, all right It'll shed some light on you.You see them Zen. All right, let's jump to the next one. So One example the first example of this is after a significant loss right You enter straight away into another trade sweet Without patiently waiting trying to jump into another trade hoping to quickly recover from the losses, which leads to even more losses you do that Yes, of course you do right You jumped out of A trade here.This is a trade patient scandal setting up Nice and cozy everything looking good fucking price starts moving towards the upside You're happy. You're like, all right, cool. Cool.Cool and all of a sudden a Reversal happens. It's all red candle. You want to catch a move towards the upside and you respect your stop-loss You respect that stop-loss like you should right? But at the same time what you do is on another stock on another stock This is a patient scandal.It's a forming a patient scandal Everything it already broke below the patient scandal on another stock But you are entering a little bit late just because you want to jump in you're like, oh my god, it looks good but you enter a little bit late the risk to reward wise kind of look shit or you do not pay attention because you do Not expect the trade to go against you and what happens that good trade goes against you as well And now it's leading to fucking emotional mess Because that every time after you take a loss the next trade that you will see will always look like a plus setup Just the way the game fucking works You see them saying After you take a loss the next trade will automatically feel like oh my god this is a trade that I can make my money back on what ends up happening is you do the next trade with a little bit of bigger position size and The next trade becomes a reason why you go down Right. The next example of this is you increase your trade size like Significantly you jump in bigger position size after a loss in the next trade or you jump in SPX Even though you keep your position size same, but the risk factor on SPX is way heavier Than Apple, right so you lost somebody on Apple then you straightaway jump same position size on SPX The risk size is heavier That's why the position size kind of look seems like a little bit heavier because it moves a little bit wild and you do that After a loss you because you are trying to you tempting to make the money back because it doesn't feel good to fucking lose money Does it know? So what do you do is you simply try to jump into the next trade thinking? This is the one this is the one this looks very good. This is the a-plus and even though Subconsciously you jump in a little bit Big position size or you over commit mentally to the trade even though you do not jump in big position size Even though you do not jump in big position size, but you over commit mentally what that means is You're not even you're not even concerned not concerned.
Maybe it's not the better word, but you're not even mentally prepared For the trade to go against you at this point And that also means your big position size because now mentally you have fucking your mental capital is invested more Into this trade so that this trade works, but if that trade doesn't work It's not even big position size. A lot of people think big position size only is Financial position size. I'm sure you thought this up until this point as well But big position size just doesn't mean Financial position size big position size also could mean mental position size You see Ramzan? Because you're not even thinking of the trade can go against you you jump in a little bit heavy and that big position size Mentally and when the trade hits your stop- loss that hurts more than the previous trade because you were not even expecting this and That's the point from my previous previous video where we discussed You know and we went deep into this right? We went over after This is this we do this all the time by the way Yeah, we do this all the time and I'm sure you have done it in the previous video We went over you need to vocalize your stop-loss But a lot of people don't do it.You need to say it out loud But because you have a mentally you're very very committed in this trade and you're mentally very big position size in this trade You're not even worried about the stop-loss and you haven't vocalized that Hence what happens? when Unexpected thing happens we get hurt. That's why they say don't expect nothing from nobody and you'll never get hurt See it Ramzan? but now you were expecting this trade to work and When it doesn't work the unexpected happens what you were expecting doesn't happen. That's cool We do not get upset about it, but unexpected something you were not even prepared off is happening and That takes you Down and that takes you down quick You get my point? Right and there's a lot of long-term impacts of this mistakes man Like you do not realize this but long-term wise on a bigger scale you fuck up even more because now it's leading to spiral of increased losses because Mentally you're over committing to every trade because you really want those trades to work But somehow those trades are not working.It's hurting you mentally bad So now every single trade is not only hurting you financially. It also is hurting you mentally Because it's hurting you mentally it's hurting you relationship wise as well because now you're stressed It leads to increased stress then loss becomes stressful and that stress goes to your relationships and those Death stress and their relationship stress now leads to bigger mental stress which leads to bigger financial stress Which leads to even bigger potential of making stupid decisions Be it health wise you drink a lot Be a relationship wise you did say something that you don't mean and you It's too late finance wise you jump in full position size into something and Yourself wise it's not the best thing to do imagine now you're a mess And when all this start happening man, it's just one way from there man I know it's sad and then then you know what happens. There's no more capital left No more capital left why because something happened relationships with health money is getting spent like fucking going out like that big big speed and Then it's just like possibly you just gonna quit trading altogether for good Because you're a sinking ship right now What happens you start comparing yourself with other people you start seeing everything else is fucking more shiny or look an object and it's Just doesn't work.
I know you I know you are no I understand this stuff one But I used to do this shit as well. Don't worry See them then Have a little story to tell this story and Then you quit trading and then you say fucking KCU smash Fucking everybody took fucking my money, and I never made money But it was your fault the first place and we don't want to get take the responsibility as I explained in the previous fucking videos as well Which is where the story comes in one day a hungry fox came to the wine yard He saw bunches of ripe grapes hanging high on the wines right His mouth started watering He stretched out his head to reach the grapes, but he found them rather too high So he jumped to get at them Even though he could not reach them. He jumped again and again till he was completely tired At last he gave up and left the place He was heard saying the grapes are sour who wants our grapes anyway You try trading you try try try try, but you never do what I ask you to do So when you walk in a way like yeah case you fucking shit anyway Case you fucking sour with some age doesn't work in this test system.Don't work or day trading in general is a scam See them then I get it. I know the motions are fucking talking about It's just tragic end of the journey like the shing sinking It's like a ship sinking after taking too much water You said I'm saying And you know your voyage and then if I can made a call mayday mayday mayday hey, and Then comes your steps to take right now some of the steps that you have to take Right now if you want to protect yourself from this stuff right now you need to do this Right if you see yourself do all or any or even one thing from this lesson Take a break Take a break right now take a break or after it break after a loss you need to take a break and reassess the situation Step back a little bit step back right use this time to assess what? Went wrong and do this calmly. There's no point of you Fucking hitting yourself on the head.Yeah, you fucked up. All right Because you fucked up and now when you're coming back you need to reduce your trading size temporarily to manage risk Get a sense of the market again Do one share or one contract if you fucked up big get a little bit of confidence in force Do one contract only Right one contract only and if you can do that, that's good Hey Reduce your trading size Temporarily could be if I can one week could be one month could be till you feel ready, but I think one week is good Implement a strict daily stop-loss limit to prevent emotional decision-making Daily stop-loss limit not just trading This means when you're eating It starts from actually from from your bedtime So there's a stop-loss for using the phone. All right after this, that's it done All right, you put the phone away and I sleep with my phones in the bathroom I Always keep I have mentioned this a lot of times.I keep my phones in the bathroom. I have three Four four phones all my four phones sit in the bathroom on charge Crazy, right? My Apple watch my everything pretty much sits in there. I only think the only electronic device that I sleep with is my rank That's it, all right Phone to the bathroom have and I have the fucking the old-school a clock next to me Looks like this on my missus side if I can I am this Alexa sitting there though But I use this something like this to wake my wake me up every day Right And then this is like your stop-loss for you to go to bed.Now you in bed There's a stop-loss in the morning when your alarm goes off That's your stop-
loss the way you do one thing is you do everything Like that's what happens in a trade or five more cents ten more cents And then you keep losing money, man Right. So after you sleep the wake up alarm clock Right should be a little fuck in your on the clock should be the alarm rings that the stop-loss and Then goes your gym time or whatever you do stop-loss with that time stop-loss for Everything your work finishes at this time and some people want to stay back all the time fucking trying to look Now that's a stop-loss get the fuck out of here Then I'm saying stop-loss for everything stop-loss for training if you have if you do this for a long period of time if you can Implement a strict daily life stop-loss to prevent emotional decision-making you'll do good She comes in but it has to be everywhere and then a little bit of that will come into this one hour Which were you trade? All right But if everywhere else you sleep whenever you fucking one you use your phone up until you fucking actually fall asleep on your phone There's no stop-loss. There's no stop-loss because now you're waking up early in the morning fucking five minutes ten minute ten minute five Minute, even though you wake up you have a fucking job to go to you set alarm 5 a.m Even though you're gonna fucking actually, you know for a fact you gonna get up at 630.I get it This feels good Alarm goes off another 10 minutes. You get to sleep 15, but that you training your brain. It's okay to ignore fucking what I tell myself You see them Zen and your brain fucking lunge No, you set alarm for 630 then alarm goes off you out of there That's a stop-loss getting treated.No fucking emotions emotional decision-making is the reason why This happens is a reason why you hold your fucking loss after stop-loss So you don't send and then goes you're trading if you do imagine if you do this for 23 hours a day Respecting your stop-loss for everything and then one hour a day It's easier or other way around 23 hours a day You do not respect your stop-loss and you expect yourself to respect everything in the rules for this doesn't work. No, it doesn't So Right now as soon as you finish watching this video I want you to sit down sit down with yourself have a meeting with yourself on your calendar Okay, and on this meeting discuss with yourself The steps that you need to do right now these three steps. Are you gonna implement? All right, if you have taken a break, how would you reassess the conditions? Next time what will be the plan? strategize If you have to reduce trading size temporarily What would you do? I have a set.I actually have a separate trading account. I have Full-on separate trading account. I literally call it way Adi trading account.It's called this because it has like I think three thousand was in it And that's my like small fucking when I fuck up in my main trading I reduce my size temporarily But I just log on to this Even though if I fuck up again what it's still monetary not a big loss But I know what I know what happened didn't send but because it's only 3k even though I like the setup I know. All right. I'm actually doing less size keeps my emotions in check and then sit down and actually have a plan for the whole thing if I Never show you my calendar, bro I will show you my calendar for the amount of things that I have on my calendar and I've the way I follow this
You'll be blown away all right, I Delete a lot of events.Let's see. Let me see if I can find I Delete a lot of events because hey I'd like to leave a lot of Tracking devices behind. I mean some people interact me.So my events get deleted Man there has to be something definitely Everything goes on my calendar the way I live my life. No, these are different events The different events from this time to this time trading this time to this time I'm posting on Instagram this time to this time. I have another meeting this time on this time I was spending time my wife this time this time I'm fucking eating this to this is this this to this everything Even date with my wife fucking is on it You see them saying why? That's triggers stop losses triggers.The end time to me matters more than the starting time because if you can control the end time Starting time will look after itself Think about it if you can control the phone putting away You're only left with sleep if you can Worry about the end time waking up you woke up next next thing will be done automatically You see them Zen Don't be like that fucking Fox All right, you got this. All right go After this now, you've all finished watching this video make a plan. Don't just watch the next video straight away Not the best thing to do go relax chill.I'll see you soon. Goodbye
cobu1mk66ssc713upu6gAlright, you beautiful motherfucker, welcome to another video. Doing well, you really are. Putting in the time when nobody's watching, when nobody's fucking saying, oh good job, when nobody's able to see your growth.Putting in time when nobody is caring. Every second is getting invested, not wasted. It's like the bamboo, bamboo fucking spends about, bamboo spends about fucking 20 weeks or something under the fucking, yeah bamboo spends about 20 weeks in the freaking in the soil and then shoots up in two weeks, 20 foot, right? The amount of work that you put in without anybody watching is the work that matters.You get my point? For good stuff, keep pushing. You should be proud of yourself. I know in our busy lives we don't fucking tell ourselves enough, but I'm telling you, I'm listening, I'm looking at your story, I'm listening to you.I see you hustling, I see you putting in time. Yeah, it might look like nobody's paying attention, but I promise you, I am paying attention. Might look like nobody cares, I promise you, I care.I do give a fuck, and I care about you, I care about your results and I care about your future. Not because, oh I'm a motherfucking terrorist, no. Because you put your trust in me first, because you put your trust in me and you're watching this.I am going to do everything to make sure that I am, I stand at those fucking, the bars that you set for me. You see what I'm saying? So, first things first, congratulations, you've made it so far, because I promise you 99% of the people who buy courses never even fucking get to 30% of them. The numbers for my course is about 25 to 30% of people never even start, about 70% of people have watched about 20% of the course, about 90% of the people have watched about half, and so if you're watching this, you're more than like 90%, so it's good, it's good, you see what I'm saying? Good stuff, and I'm fucking proud of you, so keep pushing.Now, in this video we're going to talk about the silent frustration builder, alright, you see the background here, that's a frustration, see the mess everywhere, see the guy looking out and he's like upset, he's looking at the sun, he's like upset. The frustration has gone to a stage where everybody just gone, they're all left, everybody's job's gone, everybody's work is done, the frustration builder. What I wanted to convey with this photo in the background was anything that happens not above the grounds, sometimes becomes the reasons for us to fall down.Alright, the silent frustration, it's like you do not know up until it's too late, it's built to a point but you do not know, and now it's too late when you know, when it's not silent anymore, you're not in the business. I have seen a lot of traders fail because of this, which is why I'm fucking putting it out there, so you can recognise before it tries to introduce itself to you, because when it tries to introduce itself to you, it's too late, which is why I want to introduce this, so you can
recognise this and fix this, alright, the silent frustration builder. So, what is the silent frustration builder? It's the quiet, the fucking shit happens behind the scenes, nobody knows, underground stuff, what is it? Not getting filled on the order that you want to get filled on, is the biggest frustration among fucking traders.This, oh my god, I cannot explain this, people worry about their $5 extra slippage, so if the contracts are like a 440 and 450, they want to hit the ask, they want to hit the mid, they want to get the best price for the fill price, you're doing 1 or 2 contracts, or 5 contracts, 10 contracts, 20 contracts, it doesn't matter, up until 100ish contracts, it doesn't matter, because the frustration is building to a point where, because you're trying to do limit order and only 12 of them get filled out of your 100 contracts, and there was 88 that didn't get filled, and now this stock moved and made a big move, you're going to get frustrated, and the frustration is going to cause you, for the next trade, jump in a little bit early, because you want to jump in your fucking position size, or do some dumb shit, which is going to result in you losing the money. You get my point? Not getting filled on the order, sometimes becomes the biggest frustration among the traders, and becomes the biggest reason why people blow up. Alright, I'll give you how to fix this stuff moving forward in the end, and you might already know market orders, but I'll give you a couple more points at the end, alright? How to kind of calm this whole frustration thing down.The worries of getting a proper fill build most of the time backfire, you want to get a better fill, a better fill price, you want to get a, you want to place your order, and you missed the trade by fucking 10 cents on the stock chart, because you wanted to go to exact point, but it never went there, and you never fucking entered, because you were waiting for the exact point. The perfection in trading, this is not all for options, man. If you're looking for an entry at 10.50, right? Let's say $10.50 is your entry for the stock, and somehow you missed this, by the time you're watching this it's 10.60, if the risk to reward still makes sense, I want you to jump in.Trying to be so perfect will be the reason why your frustration will build up to a point where you're like, oh my god, my life. It's like, this is a critical level, and you are in a trade already. You're waiting for the perfection moment, $1.72, but it starts rejecting $1.71.88, and you're like, yeah, nah, I'm still in, cool to be still in, but take some off along the way.The better fill, the fucking perfection does not happen, the 90 degrees fucking angle does not exist in the real world. You see what I'm saying? Have you ever heard that? The 90 degree turns does not exist in the real world. The perfection does not exist in the real world.And which will lead to these two mistakes. You will wait for, this is what I see traders do, they wait for 30 minutes for an entry. I mean, literally you're sitting down for 30 freaking minutes to get into a trade, then not getting filled on your order.Of course, that's frustrating. You're waiting for 30 minutes for an entry, and then it goes a little bit too fast, beyond your entry, like goes a little bit fast, and now you're not jumping in a little bit, even two seconds, five seconds, 10 seconds later, 10 cents, 20 cents, 30 cents later, because
you were looking for perfection. It didn't hit your profit target by 10 cents, because you were looking for perfection.Of course, you're going to fucking get frustrated. But at the same time, when you miss an entry, because you didn't do market order, and now you missed the entry by big time, because you didn't get filled. Not this case, this case, the stock went a little bit too fast, right? This case, the stock went a little bit too fast, then you did the market order and you got filled.But what about if you did the limit order, and you didn't get filled on those fucking contracts, and now it's a little bit late, because the stock already made a 30, 40 cent move, and now you chase the trade. This is the second mistake that people make. You chase that trade, but what happens now is before you were risking 40 cents, 40 cents for a $1 reward, right? You're risking 40 cents for a $1 reward.But now what happened was you missed the trade by 30 cents, because you tried to do the limit order, and that didn't fill you, and now you're trying to do maybe a market order, whatever. But it gave you an option to do market order in the first place, but you didn't do it. Now you're trying to do the market order, but that's another 20 cents gone.Now you're risking 60 cents for a $1. I mean, it's still good, right? But your position size should change with this. You get my point? Because when it's 40 cents to a $1, that's 2.5 to 1. That means every $1 can make $2.5. So you risk a little bit heavy, because you know, even though if this trade goes against me, that's cool, because if I lose $100, if this trade worked, you're going to make me $2.50. But now you're risking 60 cents for a $1 move.That's like 1.3, fucking 3 something. That means every $1 we're going to make you 1.5 something. 1.5, that means you risk to reward wise a little bit skewed.So don't still stay in the same like 10 contracts. No, the position size should change. It should change to six or seven contracts now, because just in case if this trade goes against you, there's a little bit bigger risk based on the reward.Make sense? But this is important. You change the trade because you missed the entry earlier, because you tried to be the perfect motherfucker by trying to do the limit order to a market order. Does not matter.Up until I get warning sometimes from to this day, they do not let me do this now, because I'm trying to do big positions for 500 contracts. They won't let me do it. And if I can say, no, no, no, no, no, no, you need to do a limit order.All right, up until you get to my level, then please, then do market orders. Even now, I do limit orders. If I do limit orders, if the price is at $280, right, they ask, I want to get in.I'm happy to pay $290. I drop the offer at $290. Even though people, they're asking $280.
That's like you trying to sell me your phone for $100 and I really want it. And I'm just like, I'll pay you $110. Give me right now.Be like, yeah, sure, done. It guarantees a fill. I want to get filled in the order.I do not want to miss because, or let me save my $10 here, because you trying to save that $10, man, it's going to cost you missing the trade, because this could be a fucking hundred percent trade. That means me trying to save that $10 on a contract at $280 to $290, this can be a hundred percent trade. That means I could have made $290 being a hundred percent trade, but I didn't because I was trying to save the $10.Imagine if you're doing that with a hundred contracts. That's $29,000 just because I want to try to save a thousand bucks. Does this make sense to you? It doesn't, right? Exactly.Thank you. Now you do this stuff. Cool.The long-term impacts of this going to be bad because the frustration builds up. The frustration going to lead to poor decision-making. You will look at a trade.The trade will look good. You'll jump a little bit early, or you will have a recency bias because now you know the last time when you waited patiently, you got hurt. Your brain do not want to go through that pain because it's like, I waited last time 40 minutes and that didn't turn out well.I had to suffer. This is what your brain's thinking. I had to suffer and your mind don't want to go through that pain again, so it will trigger some emotions to fight it now, which leads to wrong decision at the wrong time because your brain's like, no, I don't want to go through that, and it kind of start preparing you for the fight or flight responses, and when those emotions trigger in your brain, you do something or they make you do something which you never wanted to do at first place, but it all started because of that frustration of not getting filled, and now you have a recency bias from the previous pain that you went through, which you don't want to go through again, and hence, everything goes south from that point.You make a wrong choice, wrong decision, wrong trade, and it's like, all right, wrong trade, more angry. Long term, it just makes you an angry human being. You get angry, you get pissed off.Over a long period of time, it does not end well, and it all starts with you trying to be perfect. You got to understand, you and me, we're not perfect. We have flaws.We need to embrace those flaws and be like, all right, it is what it is. If we are not perfect, the market's not perfect too. There's some flaws in the market, but if you try to be too perfect with the whole scenario, you try to play the perfect game, it does not end well.You see what I'm saying? So, don't fall into this trap. If you have done this, or you are going
through that stuff right now, you need to do certain steps, which we are going to talk in the next video, which we are going to talk in the next slide. You need to do those steps right now, right? Those steps are best thing to do right now to avoid frustration is trade the names with a lot of volume on those option chains.Names like SPY, QQQs, Apple, AMD, Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Tesla, SPX, these do not have wide spread. There's a lot of volume, right? The spread is a difference between your bids and asks, right? It's decent. It's not the best for some stocks.It's not the best for like Meta, for like NVIDIA sometimes. It's not the best. But if you want to trade like stuff like Crowd, Coin, Drop, Roku, SQ, or freaking Cisco, or fucking Costco.Cisco is like Salesforce. Yeah, my bad. Or Salesforce.Yeah, whatever. But you get the point, right? All these names, which are not very commonly fucking traded by the option community, by options for us option traders. You can do limit orders on them.Try to do limit orders there. But if you're trading names like SPY, QQQs, Apple, AMD, Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Tesla, SPX, you don't need to do limit orders. Don't get frustrated.All right? Because more the volume, smaller will be the spreads. And do market orders on them. Because at the same time, you will get filled at the same time, jumping in and out of the plays will be a breeze.So, because here's the thing, option trading is tough by itself already. Day trading is tough by itself already. But what's even more fucked up is when we try to implement more tougher shit on top.It's already hard, man. And now you're making it even more harder by just fucking confusing yourself by, I'm going to do this, this, this, this, this. Bro, stay at the money contracts.Do market orders. If you're going to do limit orders, make sure you do fucking like 10 cents or 5 cents above the ask price. Set up your hotkeys in a way, you press that button, whatever the ask price is right now, it will just add 5 cents or 10 cents to it.I have hotkeys which fucking adds 10 cents to it. Because on certain names like SPX and stuff, they go in every $10 multiples, so they don't let you get in 5. So, I have every 10 cents. If I have to, most of the time I'm doing market orders.If I have to, I already have the button on it, I just need to press the button. It gets me filled on the ask plus 10 cents, which is $10 on the options. And if I need, this is for me to jump into a trade.But for me to jump out of a trade, it is bids minus 10. I'm happy to do that. I want to get filled right now.
Now. No, I don't want to get fucking missed out on. Because you'll try to, this is what will happen.You want to get out, but the stock is moving too fast. You do a limit order for $1.20. By the time the order goes in the market, the price is already $1.10. You didn't get filled. You do again, a dollar.Do again, 90 cents. Now you have taken another fucking 30% hit from this exit to this exit by just freaking not doing market orders at first place. Jesus fucking Christ.So there's a way to do everything. Don't let the frustration get to you. All right.I know the game is tough already. Don't make it extra hard by just fucking having these certain fucking things. Criteria is fucking on top.You got this. All right. Let's fucking go.This is all I have for this one. The next one we'll fucking talk about some traps of risk management. Risk management can be done very nicely, can be done very fucked fully.All right. And some of the traps of risk management. All right.But for now, take a little break, go for a fucking swim, go for a drink, do something, go to the gym, or go read a book, or go watch some movie with your significant other, go take your kids to the park, go walk your dog, go play with your cat, or whatever you want to fucking do, just don't watch the next video straight away. Call your mum, call your dad. All right.Call your parents. All right. Let them know you love them. All right. I'll see you later. Goodbye.
coh1sihg3cms72vfi850All right, what is going on so Welcome to another video. I hope you're doing well I hope you're having the best day of your life I hope your trading is taking off and I hope You're finding value from these videos that i'm doing so far because these videos are a little bit longer they're not like short videos, but hey that's That's the whole plan you see them then actually give you the source that you need to Level up, right? All right. So in this video we're gonna go over the trap of poor risk management The trap where you kind of you yourself walk into a trap where the trap shuts And it fucking kills you as a trader, right? Because as as a day trader pretty much you're walking in Like literally you're walking into a jungle At night time and you cannot see shit You kind of are simply guarding through a little light that you see From the fucking moon pretty much.It's a little light, which is a little hope To fucking not get trapped but this trap usually happens because of your poor risk management skills Or you yourself fall into this because of some sometimes unrealistic expectations kind of get us sometimes you know setting um Setting the bar kind of too high for us kind of gets us. Sometimes. It's just you know, you make a mistake by The better way to kind of put put it together would be you make a mistake by Going at a full fucking speed when you know that you should be pulling back a little bit and this this mistake Is not that common though where you like, you know, do not um Where you do not kind of look at oh, what's the worst case scenario here and stuff? But it usually happens when when you do not prepare yourself for the worst case scenarios or when a perception of a trade makes you feel like Oh, this is something that is made for me.Like this is the a plus setup and that usually happens when there's This whole thing the poor trap poor risk management the trap usually gets set number one when you are winning When you're winning big time this trap usually will fucking be like getting ready for you number two When you're winning without following your rules See what i'm saying when you so because here's the thing right? Let's say you are making a fucking cake You know, this is a cake This is a cake All right, you're making this cake And you use all these ingredients list of six different ingredients you used and you put in the oven at a certain temperature And the cake comes out and you had it you're like, oh my god. This is so good. This literally is the best And you documented everything, you know, okay this this this how long you kind of fucking did every single step or 20 minutes I did this 10 minutes.I did this it went in the oven for a total of 17 minutes Um, and at this at this temperature, then I changed it to this temperature for another seven minutes Um, and it was just like turned out the perfect cake that you ever had, right? Now what happens? You're like, oh my god, this is good. And then you have some family coming over over the weekend, right? And you're like, you know what i'm gonna do the same thing again, and you followed the exact same thing exact to the point And that cake tastes exactly the same And everybody's like, oh my goodness. This is so good And then three four days later you have some fucking friends come over you do
this again You do this again again again, but comes to a point where you We just started taking it too fucking easy.Nothing wrong with taking it too easy But instead of doing it for seven minutes here 11 minutes this process 20 minutes this thing You just like, you know, you think you're like the best at this now you you're pro at this So, what do you do? You do not follow this exact system You some go over a little bit You do not put in 17 minutes at a certain temperature seven minutes at a certain temperature You just do whatever the fuck you want pretty much. Um, and it turns out the cake Is not the best cake that you ever had or it's nowhere even close to this And now you're like trying to find what happened You are learning how to make cakes you're doing everything But looking at what worked before And this is a trap When we are literally winning oftentimes, we walk away from the things that are actually making us bloody win So something is working for you You walk away from that one thing just because now your overconfidence is trying to fucking get you You see what i'm saying? So instead of following the exact same system exact same framework exact same stuff What do you do you fall into a trap of knowing what to do? Knowing what to do is cool. But this recipe only you have Now nobody knows this this recipe exists only you know But now you are kind of don't not even realizing the mistake that you're making with this cake and you tried another few ones And they do not turn out the same Is because you are not doing the same things that actually got you to the perfect cake at first place Does it make sense? That's a trap when you're winning you fall into this trap of I know what i'm doing.I don't like I know what i'm doing this because here's the thing if you're winning in trading Fucking you did at night time you went to bed at a certain time at the morning You woke up at a certain time. You did 15 minutes of fucking workout really quick So the blood start moving you did a five minute meditation You did 10 minutes of a brain dump and you did all this and your trading is like oh my god the best trading ever You're like, oh shit. This is so good And he documented everything you next day you did the same thing and the whole week you did this and you're absolute beast You're making money next week as well.You're making money making money and then you confuse this whole thing you think I must be fucking god that this whole thing is working And then one day you do not follow anything, but you are like, yeah, I don't need to fucking do anything man Like not not consciously unconsciously. You're like you woke up a little bit late. You didn't follow these steps You did last one just because you're running late and now you're trading trying to get the same results as you were getting on these days What happens nup nup nup nup all the trades that you take you're like, oh my god, maybe Maybe something's wrong with me.Maybe the trades are not doing well or this this this whatever and then what do you do? You fall into this trap of poor risk management where you're not even prepared for the worst case scenario on this day Where you should have walked away with four hundred dollars green on these three weeks. You made three thousand dollars Positive you didn't walk away like your rule says and you lost Thirty five hundred dollars on this one day more than what you made in
three weeks Now everything is like oh my god. I don't trust nothing Every time I win I fall in I I lose everything That's a trap of poor risk management the stuff that got you here at first place is the stuff Will be like why change it? It's working You see them then and that's a trap.Let's talk about more about this, right now The trap of poor risk management happens where a plus setup generates a perception of a win Where you're like, oh my god, this is a plus setup, right? This is a plus setup. It's above previous day high It's above previous day high. It's above the pre-market high price is trading here It's pulling back and it's giving me a nice patient scandal.It looks good. It can head to the pie of the day The risk is about 20 cents the rewards about two dollars. It looks so good, right? And that is a perception of it.You're like you're not even worried You don't even think about what if this trade doesn't work you jump in with full account size or more than what you Cannot kind of get your brain around normal position size is a thousand bucks, but you jump in four thousand dollar position size Normally, you would lose let's say if the trade doesn't work Normally, you would lose 250 but now because it's four times what you know, you're doing now you lose thousand And when you see a thousand red it fucks up with your brain So the risk management and the risk plan that you have for your account gets ruined with this one mistake Because you're only looking at a plus setup. You're not even worried about what the fuck like What if this trade doesn't work and that leads to misallocation? Of financial and mental capital on wrong trade It wasn't a wrong trade, but it became a wrong trade the moment you sized up on this trade Sizing up on a trade is not bad But sizing up on a trade when you're not even worried about the risk that you're taking is bad See what i'm saying? And because of not preparing for the worst case scenario You just have a hard time exiting the trade now. It hits your stop loss You're down a thousand bucks.You're like, oh my god, man. I'm done too much Or maybe i'll hold for one more minute there's a there's a pre-market high level right here Maybe i'll hold if it maybe it bounces here now you're down two thousand Oh, there's a two on the moving average running. I'll hold now.You're down 2400 Or pre-market low level now you're down fucking 3000 And that only happened because you were not prepared for the downside And you had a misallocation of financial and mental capital and because of not preparing on the for the worst case scenario You just have a hard time exiting the trades and you're holding the trade up until you're down 80% fucking on the trade Or if not even down 80% let's say even you're down 50% that's still fucking 2000 That's still almost eight times more than your normal fucking risk. That is bad. This is bad Taking big position size is never bad.Like it's all right If you win if you feel like yeah, that's cool setup cool But when you're not prepared for the worst case scenario, you think you're a fucking god at this stage That's where things go wrong. And that's what I do not want you to do I want you to be prepared for the worst case scenario. I want you to be prepared for What if this doesn't go as you say it will go? I
want you to be prepared for the stuff that The market is unpredictable.You gotta just put this in your fucking head All right Any single trade that looks like oh it's a plus setup or this That doesn't mean fucking you do not think about the worst case scenario. You still need to have the risk in your head Because that's what got you to wins at first place having a proper risk management So do not fall into this trap and that's what this trap basically means now some couple examples of this If you take a plus trade the perception of a plus trade And you risk a significant portion of the account Unconsciously, you do not realize this in the real time, but you do this where your thousand dollars position size becomes four thousand Which leads to 250 dollars risk to a thousand? If this trade would have worked you would have made 500 let's say if this trade would have worked you would make How much? Twice this 2000 Cool Right, but on your normal day, you only make 500 when you take a good trade Now you're losing twice that just if the if the stock hits the stop loss And that's why you're having a hard time because this number is still a little bit big for you Now, of course as you move up as your net worth grows this the small Number of money the definition of small number money changes. It's very subjective Like for example for you probably ten thousand dollars right now is a lot of fucking money But if you ask fucking somebody who is worth hundred million for him ten thousand probably is like It's all right money, but if you ask jeff bezos He ten thousand for him is probably a lunch You see what i'm saying? So It's very subjective as your net worth grows you will start feeling okay with those thousand But at this current stage the thousand risk it shuts off certain things It basically what happens when when i'm pretty sure you have heard this before Somebody who um got involved in an accident and they ask him them questions.What happened? Like I don't know man. I just blacked out. I had I don't even remember it was just like blacked out Why it's the it's the the blackouts usually When I was doing this stuff when I was making these slides I was kind of researching the blackouts is a way of our brain to I think that's what I said It's a if anybody's a doctor here.Let me know if I can maybe don't take this as a fucking medical advice, but Blackouts is just a way for our brain to shut off so it doesn't go through the pain that it would go other Go through otherwise, so it just blacks everything else because it does not want to burn some fucking calories or want to go through that pain That it would go otherwise. So what happens here? You do not want to go through this pain the brain starts shutting off certain fucking lobe There's certain things in your brain neurons start getting fired So you do not feel this Pretty much just say adrenaline start kicking in and you're not feeling it. You're like, all right, you know what? It's okay.I'll hold till another level Uh, you know what it's okay, but after the fact when you exit this trade a fucking three thousand dollar loss you're like What have I done? What have I done and it all started because you thought it's a plus setup, which is cool But you risked too big without worrying about the downside I want you to take big position sizes, but only take big position sizes to a point where you feel okay with the money If thousand dollars is too big of a money for you right now cool 250 is okay cool jump to 350 Risk rather than just jump into thousand
jump to 400 start feeling okay with that first You see what i'm saying? and the other example is You jump into a few trades at the same time you see spy setting up you see amazon setting up You see tesla setting up you see microsoft setting up. You see apple setting up you see qqq setting up. So what happens? Everything looks good.Everything's looking good. And you're like, oh my god, this looks really really good market Super trendy you jump in every single trade a little bit you do two contracts here to here to here to here To here to here the mistake that you're making is they all are long fucking trades They're all long call options Right, which is cool If you do one or two trades, but now you're in six different trades all call options and then Market just know hey, this is one thing the market algorithm in the market just know When you're about to make a mistake, it just it can sense when you're about to fucking do something dumb and then that gods of the market realize that you are in a trade Where you're not worried about the downside because guess what? On one trade you're risking 250. Let's say right now you have six different trades where you're risking 250 250 times six That's 1500 That you're risking now this number for you mentally.It's a little bit big 250 is okay, but you're not worried about you just thinking i'm risking 250 But all put together you're risking 1500 on call options at this stage in this and then that's when The market will do a sudden downturn It just fucking knows somehow it will do one big fucking red candle on everything And i'm sure you have gone through this in the past where you are only in one or two trades and a big pullback happens For some fucking reason news comes out And you you knew there was news coming out, but because you're so excited about a trade that you set up You literally forgot about the fucking news that's coming out and now 10 30 hit the market fucking had a sudden downturn And every single trade start it hits your stop loss Every single trade hits your stop loss Now you do not jump out because by the time you jump out of this there's these ones are still going down You jump out of this you jump out of this you jump out of this And they're all fucking going still going down instead of losing 1500. Hey, you lost250. Hey, you lost 280 Hey, you lost 310.Hey, you lost 350. Hey, you lost 400. Hey, you lost 450 now what happened all of a sudden It was meant to be 1500 risk But all of a sudden if you do the fucking match this risk becomes massive Right you get my point? because Just up until this point man Just if you add these that's almost 1500 then that's three left as well.So now you're down fucking let's say for example 2300 Instead of 1500 And now you're like, oh my god What have I done? and now You go to do this little fucking trap of risk management Where you next trade you do you do because the next trade looks a plus setup again Because when you're down everything will look a plus setup you do massive position size when you do massive position size again That 2300 will be now 2800 but that 500 doesn't hurt that much Because you're like, yeah, whatever i'm down 2300 that 500 wouldn't hurt that much and the next trade that you do Will fucking slowly start taking away it all compounds and then you walk away with the 4100 red trade And you're hating yourself. You're hating everybody and you say oh man. So make sure your fucking setups don't work.
Fuck you This is the biggest mistake. I made fucking joining your course So maybe she's just fucking hey, so maybe she's just sitting on the couch fucking having having a nice cup of coffee And hey, so maybe she's getting a text fucking about you making a mistake and you blaming him because it's cool to blame somebody else because We as human beings we always want to blame somebody else for our fucking problems Because it makes us feel fucking good about ourselves But I didn't do shit. I'm just sitting on the couch.I'm just fucking drinking my coffee and i'm like, oh shit What the fuck why is this guy upset? And you like fucking abusing the fuck out of me at this time. I'm like, man, what the fuck? Man, what do I do? Nothing. I go back to my coffee.I put my phone down go back to my coffee and I watch my shirt My life doesn't change I care about you But fucking if you do some dumb shit, you gotta pay the price It's just that simple. It's not that ltb doesn't work. It's not that kcu doesn't work It's not that the system doesn't work.It's just that your brain's not working It's not my fault. It's not fucking ltb's fault. It's not kcu's fault.It's nobody's fucking fault It's about yourself, but you like to blame everybody else so that you can have a good night's sleep that night And uh, you know you go on fucking social media and be like hey, fuck sumesh So maybe she's done shit Hey And now what would happen the long- term effect of this what would be the long-term impact You start getting scared of your a plus setups because your brain just thinks last time when I Last time when I trusted the a plus setup, it didn't it didn't end up well for me. You know what this time? I'm, just gonna take it easy and your brain starts fucking literally going Your brain starts turning off towards a plus because it doesn't want to go through the pain that it had to go through the last Time you get my point and what happens then? Then you miss a fucking good trade and that leads to a downward spiral. Now you miss a good trade You're like, oh my god, if I would have caught this I would have made this much money and the next trade that comes Again, you go through the a plus setup perception where you don't prepare for the downside And you go down Right And that next point is mental recovery pretty much becomes impossible man at this stage you start hating on world You start hating everybody's fucking against you.Nobody gives a fuck And your mental recovery pretty much becomes impossible you cannot come out of that little fucking shithole that you put yourself in and your financial recovery Becomes the main focus Mentally you are fucked but you you want to fix the finances when you're mentally fucked You know what what you do? Taking shit trades to make the money becomes the go-to you switch to fucking spy Or switch to spx switch to jump in full position size full porting your account You'll make money one day Next day you lose everything because any money that you make without being disciplined will go back to the market eventually And then Potentially Eventually what will happen is your family will come to you and be like you either choose me or you choose the fucking trading Because they see you have changed significantly
because you started trading you hate on everybody You don't spend time with the kids. You don't spend time with the wife. You don't have any money to fucking go get your fucking cough gas fucking done Um at work, you you know, you're not being 100% your job When you do when you're not 100% of your job the boss sees and he's like, oh shit I was thinking to give this guy a promotion No, not anymore.And then what happens? You feel Undervalued everybody else is getting promotions. You're getting even more fucking there's this thing coming in you like, oh my god I'm i'm i'm working in 15 years. This guy came three years ago.He's getting a promotion My boss hates me and then you Then you stop caring then the boss is like hey This is not how you're gonna work. Hey joe if you want fucking to make some money, man If you you gotta help us out, you see what i'm saying? Um, you still like fuck you asshole fucking whatever And then your boss is like, oh, i'm sorry. We have to let you go now.You're fucking fired from job This is the worst case scenario. All right You get fired from job. You come home.You tell your wife I got fired Oh shit, what happened? Oh fucking my boss is an asshole I'm gonna wreck him up. I'm gonna fuck him up Whatever Now you try applying for new jobs, but you think you're fucking better than everybody You know, I wouldn't take that. I wouldn't take that.I wouldn't take that Your your fucking resumes And your boss fucking putting a shit word out of you like this man doesn't do shit didn't do no work Now there's a shit word out in the fucking market Nobody wants to fucking hire you if they want to hire you your pay was like 60k now It's like 54k That 6k makes a big fucking difference And then same shit happens again, you're like, oh i'm not getting paid enough eventually fucking you you know, you Leave the job again. You try to do the trading full time with a little bit of money because you think you're better than everybody And what happens? It doesn't work. You blow all the savings you start hating the world you fucking pick up alcohol Your wife fucking leaves you takes the kids take the house And now you're the this is the worst case scenario now you're down fucking down down You see what i'm saying? And when you're done you still be like You see like fuck so much Bro I didn't do shit like bro god damn But this is the long-term impact Fix this up until you get down here.I don't want you to get down here. That's why i'm putting this fucking scenario there But what are the steps to fix this right now some stuff that you need to do right now It doesn't matter. I don't care how good a trade looks use the bell curve You know what a bell curve is initially first trade of the day is You get you know it yes small position size Second trade a little bit bigger if this trade is green A little bit bigger if this trade is red same position size here as well Otherwise pick it up if this trade is green again You go heavy on next trade But if this trade is right again, you go same size again And then you made some money now you start coming back a little bit You see what i'm saying? You can take a few trades at the top with big position sizes, but know
when to fucking stop All right Only risk only risk more money if you have significant question of profit If you're green on the earlier days and you're up 3000 already go heavy, but still know the downside Don't jump into all long trades at the same time doesn't matter how good everything looks You got to be prepared for the worst case scenario If you do not prepared for the world if you're not prepared for the worst case scenario market will make you fucking prepared Next time but for next time you do not have any money And then every single scenario when you do not have money is a worst case scenario for you because you just don't have cash It's just the worst thing that can happen to you You have to be prepared doesn't matter how good everything looks patient scandal tells you One is the stop loss.Other one is your entry and you have to be prepared to fucking hit the stop loss and think How much i'm risking? Otherwise man, you're gonna go down and it's not the best fucking place. I don't want you to go down you see them then Fix this if you're going through this crap, these are the steps don't watch the next video straight away Don't think oh, yeah. Yeah.Yeah. Yeah, whatever whatever whatever. No, please don't right video is like 30 minutes long video, man I want you to fucking do well You get my point And the only way you're gonna do well is literally Getting your fucking head straight, man That's it Now, what do you need to do after this video is sit down and see if you have made any mistake make a plan How you gonna are gonna implement the bell curve? Make a plan Are you gonna what are the maximum amount of trades that you can take in a day make a plan? What are the maximum amount of losses you can take a day? What are the maximum amount of fucking red trades after one after the other you can take in a day? Make a plan set up a fucking system because You will only grow if you use system because if You do not have the balls to follow your own system You will always work for somebody who has the balls to follow his system I'll say one more time you either follow your own system or you follow a system laid out by some other man Which one you want to do that's on you, right? I'll leave you here.I'll let you think about this stuff for a minute Maybe you have to watch this recording again I'll see you soon. Peace. Goodbye
coj1kb9g3cms72vfjjlgAll right, what is going on everybody hope you guys are doing well Hope you're having the best year of your entire life now in this video. We're gonna go over the ninth biggest mistake the biggest Psychological mistake that a lot of people make And how we are going to deal with this moving forward right Because here's the thing There's one thing i'll tell you All right, a lot of people think that discipline in trading and trading discipline are the same fucking thing. No, it's not Trading discipline means something that you cannot live without the one thing that makes you you The one thing that makes you the trader that you are that's trading discipline It's like the rules that we all have the religious rules Sometimes we all have that we follow religiously if we do not then it's considered our you're not a you know good religious follower, right like some of my Muslim friends they go through They they follow a discipline they go through This whole month of fasting right ramadan That if they don't do it and i had a muslim friend of mine who didn't do it this time and apparently um when I saw his when I saw his father, um I saw his father and um Yeah, he's like yeah, he's not a good muslim You see what i'm saying? um, i'm not I am nobody to judge, uh, but That is what is called trading discipline the stuff that you have to follow in order to be the good version of That particular tribe that you belong to and you belong to this tribe, which is day traders, right? There's some stuff that you have to follow religiously if you do not there's fucking very little hope All right now What I mean like what does this photo fucking tell you? All right.What is this photo? Look at this mofo. This is AI AI made photo. This dude look like he's playing with his dick Uh, no god But he's the serious one, right? He's sitting there seriously.He's like sitting there calm, but he he had too much mess And this guy's crying. Uh, this is most of the fucking people 99% of the trading community is this They're crying. They just have their eyes fucking shut.Oh, please god just something will happen And he probably was sitting here. Now. He doesn't even know that he's here now slowly started moving Or probably he's sitting here moved back or whatever You get the point now looking busy like you see this all these look so busy And i'm telling you If this were real people man, i'd be making more money than all them combined a year Why how how can I say that? Because this is mess.This is mess. They are not following anything by the looks of it. They're not following anything They it's full chaos and the brain probably is fucking full of chaos as well do Succeed in trading you need to find This called called a thing called cadence What is cadence Cadence is you know, how you know how we have ltp and that's a system And then on top of ltp we also have profit taking You know how we take profits We have this is level strength patient scandals Profit taking how we're going to take profits then we have Our a plus setups be whatever you define your plus setup says then we have reversal setups be it whatever you define them as Then we also have how to select option option strikes then we also have And risk management the bell curve that we have risking a little bit then risking more as we go along But everything along the
journey everything now ltp is only one thing All of the system combined all these little systems combined makes you Makes it cadence cadence is a musical term.By the way, it comes from I think let me let me check. Um, What I think cadence By cadence meaning The rhythm of sounds from a root there means to fall originally Um designated falling tones, especially at the end of the line the music poetry but cadence has come to mean the rhythm of sounds the rhythm of System and sounds is a system, right? when when somebody is Screaming at certain certain point of decibels. Let's say it's noise, but when Um, somebody screams in a rhythm in a little, you know, they have little tone It's called fucking singing.It's called people going to the concerts, right? It's just rhythm of the systems and that's called cadence and all this is a cadence now what I Generally see i've seen in people is people will know one of this two of these three of these But something is usually missing which do not let it formulate the whole cadence thing You see what i'm saying? There has to be certain notes in the musical. I'm not I have no idea about music But you get my point, right? There has to be certain notes that you have to fucking hit in order to become a good singer I'm, pretty sure but same thing in order to become a good trader. You have to have certain things must be hitting Or actually looked after if you want to really succeed Right.Otherwise the long-term effect of this cannot be very good. You cannot be making money consistently You can make money one or two days But if you do not have cadence and the days when systems do not work the days when shit is not does not work You will fucking lose a lot of money or majority of your money or you will fucking cry, right? Now let's talk about lack of um trading discipline Now there's a difference between discipline and trading and trading discipline now discipline and trading probably is something like, you know You have to respect your stop loss, but trading discipline is is not That right trading discipline is like that one thing that you cannot trade without Right something that is a one-liner for you. It's one liner for you one liner rule like for example Um, nike has it just do it.That's one liner or um amazon amazon's brand moto What is it? Um, what do they say? I'm, pretty sure they cause they say some fucking delivering happiness Amazon, I don't know. Fuck. What how do you search on google? But yeah, you get the point um I don't know.But yeah, you get the point, right? Like for kcu the one-liner for kcu everybody's ltp Right, uh, follow the fucking ltp. That's it. But again Nike says just do it, but there's a lot of stuff that you need to fucking do it to just do it, right? um, so Same goes for ltp as well like there's a lot of stuff that you have to do the cadence has to be there the structure has to be there in order For you to get actually get ahead But something that is a one-liner for you something that will remind you there's something that you can put on your fucking desk Which reminds you of what you need to be doing, right? What's the right thing to do? now for me my um, there was a stage in my career where My grandmother said to me that i'm a shake chili shake chili means actually means you're a you're a daydreamer, right? um, and for me the one-liner is Is literally this I have it on my I don't know if you can see oh Right here.
You are a shake chili It's literally on my computer. It's on the fridge. It's it's everywhere pretty much around the house Um, which I say you're a shake chili.That means you're a daydreamer now That is a one-liner for me. Why? She's this you are a Shake chili shake chili means somebody who can build castles in the fucking air Because I used to tell my grandmother about what i'm gonna do and all sort of stuff Um, actually give her give her a call before um before actually before all this crazy crazy stuff happened, um, and I was like, um, i'm gonna make i'm gonna make millions of fucking dollars and And she's like, oh, you're a shake. Um, you're a shake chili Um, she didn't believe in me right and that really really hurt really hurt because I was telling her that i'm gonna make you make You grandfather pretty much immortal.Um Because I will name the companies beyond um on your name, which is actually k the kc to be very honest, um It comes from my grandfather's initials Right and my cousin's but yeah, you get the point. Okay. Um, his name was christian chander.Um, kc Capitals came from kc christian chander k capitals. Um, that's how I started and um, She's like you're a shake chili and i'm like, oh, I really really fucking hurt and literally what I did was I put it everywhere on my fucking house because i'm like Fuck it, man. I'm not a fucking shake chili.I I you know, i'm gonna prove Prove that i'm somebody um And that I fucking did you see what i'm saying? So you're a shake chili that was my one-liner for me that became my trading discipline that became my life discipline That became everything for me, right if If it isn't this you won't be able to make it just straight simple you need something The one-liner something that fucking reminds you the moment you start going off track It could be you need to sit down and think about it could be trading, right? It could be trading. For example, it could be um, for example, like Another trading discipline is I need to respect the ltp system or money not gonna fuck with me This could be one but something I always recommend do something That fucking is emotionally very very fucking connected with you It could be your school fucking teacher telling you fucking you won't be able to do it It could be your ex fucking telling you. Um You know, why does it always have to be fucking something about money, but find something that hurts you right Find something that does not say well It could be somebody's remark that fucking is still in your fucking head.It could be Somebody just trying to be a smart ass fucking always with you and said something or could be your One of the friends or somebody said something you need to fucking put this everywhere around the fucking house literally right um And I promise you that will become one of the biggest motivations for you to keep fucking pushing it became for me right and now Now in pretty much everything that I do, um, you know in inside the car and the car Um, you know in the mirror the rearview mirror Um, it's always a thing hanging in my cars. Um, it says you're a sheikh chilli always Um or anything pretty much I do this. There's the first thing that I hang.
You're a sheikh chilli. Um, you're a daydreamer but find something that hurts you find something that um And the best way to do this is you need to write down names of everybody who didn't believe in you And every single remark that they fucking passed look through which one hurts them more Which one makes your blood boil? a fucking Hey You got a lot to fucking prove You know what I'm saying? They didn't believe in you got it. So Hey, we're gonna push The reason why this is another thing man.I I don't know you call me crazy or whatever But the reason why you're listening to this video right now And it probably gonna sound a little bit crazy But the reason why you're listening to this video right now is because it was meant to be Right, it was meant to be Everything nothing in this universe happens without a fucking reason. This is what I believe everything Everything happens at the right time for a reason. You might not understand that reason at that given time But moving forward in years to come or in months to come or days to come you will understand the reason behind That one fucking thing that happened to you Now sometimes it's not the best thing I understand but that's how you take the even the worst news that you ever received in a good way And you're just gonna make the make people who believed in you proud Right and i'll believe in you.You're gonna make me proud You see what i'm saying? Guys, look, I don't I might not know your fucking name right now You're watching I might give it a guess from my students But I don't know. I don't know you personally, right? um But there's one thing that I know You have the fucking balls to put in the fucking time you have the balls to step up your game You have the balls to fucking make it happen You see what i'm saying? And for that effort you get that fucking E Right But along the journey you're gonna take some L's as well Because there's not a there's a couple L's in a million as well M I double L I O N. So you're gonna take some L's But that's how you get to the next level You see what i'm saying? But just remember this i'm fucking rooting for you I believe in you and if you're watching this video right now, I fucking believe in you All right I know you're gonna make it happen right Ways, you know All right So you got the point what is trading discipline you need something that actually pushes you to the next level For example, if you don't have let's say if you don't have this, right? This is what you'll do You'll decide not to follow through with a pre-planned stop-loss order because of the gut feeling resulting in a larger loss than initially anticipated So what happens if I do not have like you're actually sitting in front of me. Um, i'm sitting in a trade It hits my stop-loss.There's it's like yeah. Yeah. Oh i'll hold the moment.I look at that. Oh my god Nah, everybody would be fucking right about me. They said fucking I won't be able to make it Fuck it I know what's the right thing to do right thing for me to do right now is Sell get the fuck out right If you do not fucking have a trading discipline, man If you do not have that one rule that you live by if you do not fucking do what you're supposed to do at that given time Based off your trading discipline, you will sit in a trade just because of a gut feeling just because you think That's the right thing to do even though you know, that's not the right thing to do You will hurt yourself and that you don't really you don't want to go that path.
You see what i'm saying? Now think about it have you ever done this before Think about it. I'm sure you've done this Because i've done it In the past where there was no reason for me to jump out. I know the money I was losing the money But there was no emotional big drawback Happening for me to jump out He's like, yeah, I lost the money.I'm already down 600 bucks for the day Another 200 won't fucking hurt much. You see what i'm saying? I'll just stay in just hope maybe it turns around on one day It did turn around and that fucked my habits a bit more. But basically the whole point here is If I had that trading discipline, I won't be down at first place.That's 600 bucks that I was down. Otherwise, But you get my point, right? It's just about Something that fucking hurts you see what i'm saying Because if you do not If you do not get motivation from that little thing that hurt you man, um, you will Take bigger losses because there's no emotional reason emotional need for you to improve It could be somebody disrespecting your father mother. It could be anything something that Fucking hurts something that thinking about it makes your blood fucking boil Something that because I knew that's normal my grandmother talking that she didn't call me.She actually I used to talk about my fucking future to everybody people Because my grandmother didn't even let me finish. She didn't even ask me. What did you so say? She's like, yeah, you shit you because she was hearing from everybody what I was saying and everybody making fun of me and you know Old people don't give a fuck It wasn't her telling me that i'm a daydreamer It was like she was hearing from everybody that i'm a fucking such a big daydreamer.Oh, I talk fucking too much Uh She didn't even let me finish i'm like, oh i'm gonna make you guys fucking more gonna make it worldwide and you know this He's like, oh you're a shake chili It wasn't her. It was the other people talking in a year. You see what i'm saying? So i'm like, oh shit.Okay. Okay. Okay.That was it And that hurt it really did But you know what? We're at a different level now, but I still fuck with that stuff Another example of this could be entering a trade not aligned with your trading strategy just simply because it feels like an opportunity. You're a daydreamer. You're a daydreamer because you are entering a trade just because you're dreaming about this setup.The setup's actually not even there. You're entering a trade just because you think it might go. You do this shit.I know you do this stuff where it's like two minute chart setting up, whatever, but this is after 10 o'clock. You know you should be on a five minute chart, but you still take a trade and it doesn't work and you're like, oh my God, I fucked up. Anything that feels like an opportunity just because you kind of make it feel like an opportunity is going to hurt you.
And usually this happens when you already read on the day. When you already read on the day, everything that you do will look like an A plus fucking setup and this is, I don't exactly remember the exact terms, but Jeff Bezos, Jeff Bezos in Amazon's shareholder letter meetings, Amazon shareholder meetings or the letters that he sent, there was one quarter that he sent this, there's something about, we don't want to try a lot of things just because we are not able to, they were trying some fucking stuff and it was not working and you know, he was like, oh, we have tried a few things and they're not working and it's coming out of desperation now that we have to make a work to respond to investors or something, but now we're not doing it. We're going to sit back and look why we failed fucking four times in a row, da, da, da, da, da, whatever.When I was reading through it, I'm like, this is so much as day traders do. We try a lot of things when things are not working. We try too many things when things are not working, right? But when things are working, we don't try enough.Another example I'll give you, I had a friend of mine, I had a friend of mine, cool dude, good stuff, but there was one thing that was fucking wrong with this dude, right? He was, he asked me to help him run Facebook ads. If you do not know Facebook ads, it's for internet marketing, so if you have a business, you can just show that. If you have a business in Denver, let's say, you can just show the ads to people around Denver, 50 miles around Denver, it just shows, I don't know if Denver is a city or a fucking state, but you get the point, right? So it just brings foot traffic in or whatever deal you have going through, you can let them know, right? But anyway, he was running Facebook ads and I told him a few things and tips and tricks that he needs to know because I've been running Facebook ads for a long time now for my other businesses and stuff.Anyway, and I was like, bro, this is what you need to do, these are the steps that you need to take and it's all about marketing, you need to say it in a way, you can't just say, oh, this is free, you have to say, this is exclusive, limited time offer, or you can't say fucking, it's cheap, you can say, it's, this is a fuck, I don't wanna go into that, anyway. So anyway, now, he tried, now I can't, I'm not running his ads for him, I got my shit to do as well because it takes a lot of time to optimisation for a lot of stuff, anyway, so what happened was, I told this bloke, this is what you need to do and if you do this for a long enough duration of time, you will be fucking making money, right? But this is where he started fucking up, this is where he started fucking up. It takes optimisation, not every single ad gonna work the day one, it takes a lot of optimisation.Anyway, things were not working, things were not working and he was trying more and more and more, I loved it, because more you try, more optimisation gonna happen, more you gonna fucking get to the next level. And he was running like, I think about 30 to 35 new ideas every day and I told him, just let it run for 24 to 48 hours, see how it performs, you know, then we go from there. And he was running about 30 to 40 ideas a day and he was optimising everything.Now after about a week or two weeks, he found out about 6 to 8 different ideas that were really
hitting. So he was doing 30 a day, 30 a day, right? For a fucking week, let's say. That's 210 ideas.Out of 210, there was only 6 that were really fucking hitting, that were really getting people to click, really getting people to show excitement. Now, these 6 are working, now this is what this fucked up thing happened, right? I reached out after a week, I'm like, how's you going bro? He's like, you know, this is what we did, there's 6 ads that really really fucking hit it. I'm like, alright, how much were you putting in when you were testing? He's like, oh, you know, we were putting 47, 48 bucks when we were testing per single ad.I'm like, okay, so 47 bucks a day by the way. 30 ads, that's roughly about 1500 bucks, I'm like, yeah, that sounds about right. It's a little bit too much when you're running them, but I'm like, yeah, it sounds about right.Anyway, but that compounds as well, this was a way bigger number, this is like 7, 800 ads and he had 6. But anyway, for easy calculations, 1500 bucks, yeah, alright, sweet. Now, he's not running any of this, so he doesn't have the 1500 bucks times 7 expense. Not 80, oh, whatever fucking number it is, 85, I don't know, 120 fucking, but you get the point.That was not an expense anymore. Now this is what I want you to understand, this is not an expense anymore because he knows what ads work, right? And this is where he went wrong, and now, instead of 47, he started putting 100 dollars in these a day, and I'm just like, bro, what the fuck are you doing? These are the 6 ads that work. You were spending 1500 bucks a day on testing, now shit's working.The fuck? Why not just double down? This is another thing, we try too many things when things are not working, but when we know things are working, we take it super light. I'm like, why don't you just divide that 1500 in 6 and fucking run it for like 230 bucks, 230 bucks per ad, right, per ad, 250 bucks per ad to boost this motherfucker, but that's too much, what? I'm like, out of these 6, they're gonna be fucking 1, they're gonna stand out out of everything. I want you to dump fucking 1000 bucks a day.Man, every single day, every single day, for my ads, you're gonna be like, yeah, what the fuck? For all my businesses, right, this is how much money I spend, I shouldn't, probably fucking, hey, I don't care, hang on. Every single day, across all the fucking businesses that I have, daily, again, I'll say daily, this is how much money we spend every single fucking day. Again, hey, numbers, numbers go crazy, but it's just to showcase, I'm just trying to showcase, hang on, let me take a photo, I don't want too much stuff, just to show, alright, this is amount of money that we spend every single fucking day on our ads.We spend 10 to 12 grand a day, a lot of money, I know, a lot of money. But, I have done through thousands of testing, and I still do thousands of testing, right, I still do thousands of tests a week, I've done through most amount of tests, and now I know which one works, and I dump money in it. This is another thing that I want you to fucking literally take a note of, when things are not working, we try too many things, but when things start working, we stop doing
it, or we do not do at a full speed.I want to step on the gas, I'm spending 10 grand a day on the ads, that makes me like probably about three times, that's my ROAS, return on ad spend, right, every single dollar that I spend, I roughly make about three bucks within a month, so if I'm spending 10 grand today, within this month, I'm gonna make 30 grand from that particular day, now that's 20 grand profit, after I pay off all these fees and stuff, that's 50% margin, I'm gonna make 50k out of this, and I make 15k a day, that's half a million coming from fucking just me running the stuff that I've done, the testing, the businesses, the products that I have, the stuff, but I've figured it out, I didn't go to fucking this 10 grand a day from day one, no, it's from a lot of testing, a lot of optimizations, this is what you guys need to do, figure out which strategies, which way of trading, what time frame of the day works the best for you, optimize, put a little bit of money, but when you figure it out, you need to start dumping a little bit more money in there fucking because that is what works, does it make sense to you, right, because if you don't do this man, this is what's gonna happen long term, consistency is everything in trading, consistency is showing up every single day, trying to optimize the results, this is what you need to do, trying to fix this, trying to fix this, and just remembering that the bigger trading principle that's guiding you, why are you doing it, the bigger emotional reason why you're doing it, if you don't do it man, it gets a little bit tougher, you see what I'm saying, and then the second thing is lack of discipline, lack of trading discipline leads to erratic performance, you will do what you want to do whenever you feel like it, if you're feeling too confident, you'll do some other dumb shit, if you're feeling low, you will do some other dumb shit, right, so if you do not have the trading discipline, the stuff that's actually guiding you, the one rule that enforces discipline in your trading, you will rely on more, the best way to say it, you will rely on more feelings, you will rely more on the gut feelings, and we don't want to be in that space, you see what I'm saying, and you will undermine the ability to evaluate your performance, you will not be able to evaluate your performance, you will not be able to see what you're fucking doing right, you won't be able to see what you're doing wrong, because everything comes from this fucking brain where nothing is being guided towards, there's no vision goal, there's no bigger goal, for Disney, Disney have a one liner which is the happy place, the happiest place on earth, that's Disney's happiest place on earth, that's the one liner, right, that's motivated them to become the happiest place on earth, and they are doing everything to get there, you see what I'm saying, for me it was your daydreamer, it motivates me to get to the next level, and I know what I need to do, I'll do everything but become a daydreamer, that's why you need to find out yours one, because otherwise you will not know what principle is guiding you to get to the next level, you see what I'm saying, and then you will undermine the ability to adjust strategies effectively, if you're not optimising stuff, if you do not know from 9.45 to 10 o'clock New York time is when I trade QQQs, and when I trade fucking, it has broken the pre-market high, and pre-market high and the previous day high, and it's making a patient scandal, and there's a 2 minute and 5 minute patient scandal confluence, that's when I make most amount of money, once you figure that out bro, and you know out of 10 different trades with this criteria that you have taken, 8 trades worked and those 8 trades have made you say 1000 dollars, and the 2 trades that didn't work that took
away 80 bucks, now you know for a fact 9.20 green, you know for a fact moving forward, you can increase this number, you can increase the position size by 20%, 30% every single time, every single time, up until a new strategy comes in which is taking more of your attention, does it make sense, optimisation, optimisation is everything, and these are the steps that you need to take right now, you need to sit down and set strict trading rules straight up, that's number 1, which should be covering your entry criteria, exit criteria, money management rule, which you do already, right, and then review these rules regularly, see which trades work the best, and adjust them based on your performance and stuff, and which is the next one is sit down now, now, don't even watch the next video, sit down now, your brain is fully fired up at this stage, write down 10 people, people's names who didn't believe in you, 10 of them, that didn't believe in you, right, who doubted you, who didn't fucking believe in you, write down, then write down 10 phrases that they said, right, one for each, how did you thought they didn't believe in you, somebody who's close, 10 phrases, did they actually say it or were you just thinking about it, even if you think that they thought that, write it down, I don't care, something that's full emotional, write it down, like it could be Mr Dave said to me, Dave could be one of your fucking best friends, Dave said if that was the case you would have been fucking rich already, or yeah easy to talk but very hard to fucking do it, or yeah yeah yeah when you become a millionaire we'll do it, or you're trying to become the next fucking millionaire, or it could be, oh man it's not in us, it's not in you, you can't do it, or somebody fucking throwing a remark, oh yeah you wish, you're talking about fucking, oh one day I'll have the fucking Ferrari, and somebody's like, oh you wish, you see what I'm saying, every little thing that fucking hurts you, write it down, I promise you, the moment you start writing, the thoughts will come, everything will start making sense, write down everything and then pick up one best one which is just like, oh my god this is it, one best which you pick up, you can mix three or four and come up with a fucking slogan for yourself, alright just go to chatgpd put them in and ask hey you know how Disney has a fucking brand line which says happiest place on earth, Nike has just do it, I want a brand line for myself which pushes me, one of my mentors has a brand line because his grandmother said you're a daydreamer, what would be my brand line, these are the some stuff that happened to me, I want something that hurt me emotionally but something that pushes me emotionally too, what would be my brand line for me, and if your name is Mr A, your brand line is this, this, this, chatgpd will fucking push it out, just change a little bit, put it on your fucking desk, have it fucking motivate you, push you every single fucking day, this is what you need to do right now, does it make sense, you got it, alright I'll talk to you soon, next video, only jump in the next video if you have finished this, if you haven't finished it, I won't be happy, actually matter of fact, while we're here, I actually want to see who's actually taking the fucking stuff that I say seriously, if you don't take the stuff seriously, I know, I will know you, because I can check on your portals if you don't believe me, I can check on your portal if you have watched this video and you haven't done what I'm fucking telling you to do, I can find out, oh this person has, gmail.com has watched this fucking video, this is name, this is discord handle, he watched this video on this day at this time, he watched this video, and he has completed this video on this day, but he hasn't actually sent me the fucking stuff that I'm asking him to do, send your brand, your slogan, like for me, your shake chili, your slogan, in the discord, alright, in this chat
called, the chat called kcu chat, you know in the discord we have kcu chat, literally go, slogan, whatever it is, alright, and then tag Samash, tag me, let me see, let me see what fucking motivates you, let me see what pushes you, alright, you got it, let's fucking go, you better fucking do this, because I'm paying attention, I know if you've done it or not, find something that motivates you, find something that makes you fucking angry, and that becomes your number one goal, alright, I'll see you soon, don't jump to the next video up until you fucking do what I say, alright, I'll see you soon, goodbye, peace.
cotii6ipdrsc72hn1n3gAll right, welcome back to a new video guys in this video we're gonna go over the mistake that a lot of people make which is They try to use the partial LTP framework. What do I mean by that partial LTP? So basically that means is let's say there's some level setting up, right? There's a level And there's a patient scandal So what they do is they'll jump into a freaking trade Thinking this is LTP, but you missed the trend The first thing that we need to pay attention to is the levels then we need to pay attention to trends and then comes patient scandals But a lot of traders do it other way around they look at patient scandals They think it's this framework plt patient scandals levels and then trends. No, no, no, no, no, no Levels trends and patient scandal.Okay, if the levels are not good enough If I mean if this is where you're watching and there's levels sitting right above it It doesn't matter fucking how much you love it, man. Doesn't matter how much you like this It's not something that you should be doing right because there's too many levels sitting too close to each other So this is done then these don't there's no point But if the levels are good, I mean the levels are good There's some money to be made the trend is now this time the trend is not there Oh We can't go to the patient scandal because the trend is not there Sweet, but what about if the trend is sweet? And you're looking for entry level just looking sweet Okay, patient scandals here. Boom That's when ltp happens Does it make sense? Please don't use partial framework You're gonna put yourself down this fucking rabbit hole in the middle of the ocean and you that's that's a quick death right, please Take it easy Relax, calm down Partial ltp does not work.You have to use the whole system The whole system where profit taking is a matter break even exits Important your position sizing is important your level analysis Is important your candlestick analysis is important your time frames that you use are important There's so much stuff that in ltp happens and then option contract that you choose Important you can't just be like, all right, you know what i'm just select this Fuck everything else. No, it doesn't work. It just does not work You see them then Now some of the mistakes will go with this.So the full meaning of ltp is you know it Levels trends And yeah patience candles, all right now What i've seen over time is um People pay too much attention to too much attention to just patience candles They're sweet. They give you entry. They give you exit.They're good. That's important right But at the same time you can't be doing this See what i'm saying You cannot pay all your For all your eggs just in patient scandals while the trends are levels and all setting up you gotta Follow these and then on top of that. You also got to follow what we spoke about all this plus everything that is included in the system Right, but somehow I see a lot of strategies this partially And it's crazy Most of the time they draw levels they watch the trend and wait for patient scandals But when the trade doesn't work out the stop-loss doesn't somehow come from the patient scandals I mean the stop-loss goes with the patient scandals not with the vvap running through not with the atma running through no if you entered based For example if you jumped in a car Right, there's a car Looks pretty sick Right,
there's a rolls royce you jumped in this car Right Do you think and is this roll drives? Do you think that you will be jumping out? of a camry What I mean by that If you went in a rolls royce you reach your destination, but do you expect yourself to? When you get out of the car, it's camry No Because you got in rolls royce you're gonna be fucking rolls royce what the fuck right Then why do you do different when it comes to trading you entered based off Ltp patient scandal, but why you want to exit based off something else? Bro, that doesn't work in the bigger picture You see what i'm saying? So Please respect.All right. I'll give you some examples of this as well Some of the examples that i've seen a lot of people make these mistakes You know, let me Let me bring my table down a little bit All right some of the examples that a lot of people Make mistakes is the trade the traders will be holding on to a losing position with the hopes They will bounce back only to see losses grow significantly for example If this is a patient scandal, this is an atma This is a weave up This is 200 moving average Then this is a dynamite level They enter based off this It doesn't work it didn't work whatever instead of exiting here they're like, oh my god, maybe i'll exit at atma Now the price goes to atma or maybe i'll exit a weave up Maybe it'll bounce and it bounces a little bit. They're like, oh, thank god And then it goes down Or maybe i'll exit it just this, um 200 moving average bounce a little bit.Oh my god. Thank god Oh, oh my god. Thank god.Boom Why don't you just take a freaking exit and use this patient scandal to catch a move towards the downside as I spoke in the reversal module We went over this reversal module if the previous if the trend breaks That's exactly when you start playing the other side, man But not a lot of traders look at this the way I want you to look at please You cannot be having too many emotions Attached you can't jump in a rolls royce and pretend to be jumping out of a camry or other way around You if you jump in it rolls royce, you gotta jump out of a fucking rolls royce, too That's how you get out of the place All right um use Please use your brains I fucking love you and that's why I talk to you the way I do because I expect more From you rather than doing this All right, just flip your positions. Don't hold into the trade thinking. Oh my god.God's gonna come down Are you gonna help me out with this trade? I hope this happens. I hope this happens hopium Doesn't work. All right write this down hope is not A strategy hope's not a strategy Hopes one of the worst things that you can do for yourself another example for this that I have is Entering a trade and experiencing a sudden market move against your position right For example, this is your entry everything looks good.This is your profit target next candle goes and all of a sudden Makes a huge red candle Yeah, never hit your profit target so you never got out All of a sudden market does something there's some big red candle that happens in the market and now you're like The stop loss was meant to be here this was your stop loss you were meant to get out But you because it was so quick now the price is here it was so quick the price is here you do not jump out because It's not my
fault. The market just turned around It's not my fault man the market turned around and now you're holding this trade hoping because It never gave you an exit here. Now.You're like just please I cannot and it was meant to be $200 red ray red trade Now, yeah, I get it. It's probably 300 bucks. Please.Don't let this 300 loss turn into 500 loss or 800 loss Why not just wait for a flip and you flip the position and make this 300 plus 200 back so You see what i'm saying, that'll be like $200 profit overall on the day $500 the downside Right. It's very very easy to just play the blame game Oh, it was summation's fault I had somebody who told me the other day, bro I looked at his trades. I'll tell you what happened.All right He kept texting me. He kept texting me. Uh, by the way, I kicked him out of the kcu.I just it I just didn't want to I don't Like I fucking love you all man. Um, I just don't want to work with people who After you've done the whole course you And you're asking me bro. Can you please look at my journals? Can you please look at my journals? Can you please and you're texting me from last? Month and a half to look at your journals and i'm like one day i'm just doing nothing.I'm like, yeah All right, send me your journals So he sent me his journals. I have my ipad i'm sitting on the couch. Um, i'm looking at his trades Guess what? And I was astonished All his winning trades the trades that he made money on It says the strategy ABCD setup reversal setup, whatever setup whatever setup ltp framework above the pre-market hive whatever all the losing trades You know the tags that he had Summations trade Summations call out i'm sorry summations call out v's call out And i'm just like i'm looking at it.He sent me like 30 different trades And he lost money on like I think 10 or so trades and all of them have summations of v's call out and my brain's thinking What Instead of you looking at where you fucked up It's so easy to just and he's like, oh my god. Yeah, I took this trade with you I'm, like did you exit this trade with me? Oh, yeah. Nah, actually I exit a little bit early or I exited a little bit late Huh, then how come my summations call out now? It's all the journals his journals look like shit and he can't trust those journals because he's making him feel good with the journals Rather than actually journaling Right and I reached out.I was like, hey, man. Um, hope you're doing well um, I had a thought about the whole this man, um, and I don't think you're gonna work out because um, You clearly are not taking the responsibility even when I confronted you with this and you're like, yeah But I these were your trade so I cannot mark as Them as my own i'm like, okay But what how about how many of the winning trades were my trades as well? It's like, um a few i'm like why haven't you marked some issues call outs there? um, he's like, uh I don't know man. Um, but these I could have avoided these losses if I would know I didn't like these trades of which Yeah, all right, how about we do this one thing how about you Go find some other place because clearly you have a problem with fine.
I'm getting you know Feeling the responsibility thing And his message was okay Not like anything not like bro. No, I didn't mean to he's like, okay, and uh, then I kicked him out that was it and then he asked he's like, oh bro, but Um, can I get the refund i'm like nope Like nope bro You spent six months in the fucking program five and a half months in the program and now you're like, oh my god Yeah, fuck it I get fucked You see what i'm saying? He's why he is but please don't be like this to you too. It's not the best place to be in Fuck He annoyed me.He really really He really i'm i'm like the last person to freaking let someone go because I don't want to give up on anybody Is it i'm saying? And I was like, oh my god, man, but it is what it is Sometimes it's good to pick only the best people and keep keep them around you only the best people rather than just anybody Gets to come in, you know what I mean? But what's the long- term impact of making this mistake? I mean think about it man. The choice is ultimately yours. I can like, you know, have you ever heard of the um, the thing called There's a saying that goes something like this.You can take you can take a horse to water But you can't make him drink And I believe that's so true. You can take the horse to water, but you can't make him drink I can show you the stuff that matters. I can show you the systems I can show you the things they're gonna take you to the next level But I cannot trade for you No, I cannot i'll show you things that actually gonna take you to the next level.That's it See what i'm saying? You gotta trade yourself Ultimate choice is yourself I mean think about it if you are going to use the ltb framework If you are going to use the system You may as well use it like a pro or don't use it You know, otherwise, you know what gonna happen? Otherwise, what's going to happen is that you will just conclude That it's not your fault. It's the fault of ltb Which leads to hunting for more systems out there instead You look for fucking more things. You're like, oh my god, maybe Maybe his this dude system works even better better than ltb But it's not the system it's you that's a problem which simply simply means Emotional stress financial stress and i'm sorry for my french here, but life Right, please please i'm saying please If you're about to be doing if you're about to do something you may as well do it the fucking right way is There is no benefit of doing anything And not doing a hundred percent I have never ever met Anybody who have said man up.Oh my god. I made too much money with that. I should have put half the efforts They always go man.I've made too much money with that I I wish if I could go back. I wish I could tell him just put more efforts in So try to become the pro please So, what are the steps that you should be taking right now in order to fix this So if you see yourself making this mistake you need to straight away pull back from your ways What do I mean by that? Grab a piece of paper Grab a piece of paper Sit down Write all your mistakes on a piece of paper All right, write everything the all the mistakes that you've been making on a piece of paper All right Then And do it honestly Do it honestly like your life depends on it because in a way it actually does right and
then Go through the list one by one go through this one by one read If you wrote ten different things read them. Oh, okay.Okay. Okay one by one after you read one I want you to just close your eyes and think of this Which is the next question that I want you to see how many of the mistakes The this mistake how much of these mistakes that you wrote down Would have been avoided if you did what you were supposed to do at first place Say one more time You make a list and you go through the list one by one you ask yourself how many of these mistakes Would have been avoided If you just did What you were supposed to do at first place You know what happens if you do that Your risk on the trades will reduce because mentally your stress level will be reduced You will realize where's things going wrong And you know what happens then when your mental stress level reduces significantly in trading, you know what happens You will go on an upward spiral offense Literally And off you go You know the downward spiral happens with people upward spirals happens too And that's how you start winning in life again and everything Every single thing if let's say your marriage is failing sit down and write every single mistake And then go over those mistakes. What could have I done like How would my life look like if I would have done everything that I know that I should have been should have been doing I'll tell you a little story, right? I had a friend of mine.Um, cool friend of mine oscar He's a cool. He's a good dude, right? And what happened was uh recently he spoke to me about this and we were we were having We were having a like kind of you know, little little sit together or having a cigar anyway, we're having a conversation and uh, he goes something about I'll never do business with this dude. By the way, he's cool friend.He's a good friend He knows that that I told him that probably i'll never do business with you because you've Something wrong with you um He married his high school love, right? He's like 26 27 couple. He's older than me makes a lot of money makes decent money Anyway, whatever um So been in relationship with this chick for 10 years married about four years ago And what happened was recently stopped putting that much time into the relationship Um Like you gotta be you can't just marry once you gotta be married every day pretty much, right? What happened was, um, he stopped putting a lot of time into it And then he himself i'm like why he's like, oh, I don't know man, he's like, I don't know man I went out. He's like I went out with my my hub with my mates um A few months ago and I you know Um, so he cheated on his wife anyway Um, his wife's a lovely like she's lovely.She's supportive. She'll do anything for him And she cooks she cleans she looks after um after the kids. She does everything that you know That he wanted her to do at first place Um anyway I'm, like what what would you cheat on? What would you cheat on? He's like, oh, I don't know man.It's just you know, it's just Anyway, whatever So the amount of time that he puts in the relationship outside of his marriage in a different relationship to look for something that I don't know what I told him this i'm like if you put the same amount of time Just in your own marriage,
bro Like where you got everything that you freaking wanted You make you make money. She looks after the house. You make money.She look after the kids you there's like you can go for a Two weeks long business trip and she doesn't fucking ask you. Um, can I come? She's like trust you full-on And you and you do this shit like what the fuck right? Anyway, I know you're not gonna do it. But but anyway I'm like, okay But what happened was I basically when I was talking to him, I went through his mistake I was like asking him so many questions And I made a mental note of all the things in my brain that he was talking about Then I simply asked him this question How much of this would have been awarded if you didn't do? The stuff that you knew that you shouldn't be doing in the first place He's like, oh man whole life would have been pretty much different like everything would have been different Exactly.I'm like if you do that if you just scratch this You do what you know, you should be doing your stress level will be reduced because Relationships back on track, right? You're gonna put you in upward spiral That's how you're like. All right. Fuck.Yeah, let's win because once you start winning in one aspect You start winning in everything everything you can't be like you're losing everywhere in your life But in your trading you want to win doesn't work this way, right? and Yeah, so if you want to win in life, man, if you want to win in trading You have to win in life as well at the same time Um, everything has to be working on in order. Does it make sense? Please do not use partial stuff in anything that you do. All right, that's all I have.Um, if you want to do it Do it well enough. All right, please do not watch the next video straight away. I want you to do this Don't watch the video straight away.Do not just go. Let me just rush through i'm different I don't need to do this stuff. No, you're not different you have you make mistakes just acknowledge him Whatever your mistakes go over sit down go over a piece of paper sit down write them down And then ask yourself this question It'll change your life I promise you All right, that's all i'm out.Peace. You have you have a good one. All right. Goodbye
cotjj7ikkm2s72vv3vdgAlright guys, what is going on? So welcome to the next video in the module that we have which is following the flow. What does that mean following the flow? Very simple explanation for this when you start following the flow would be I want you to kind of think of trying to swim against the river flow. What would happen? Would you be able to swim against it? I don't know how to swim so you can't count on me, nothing.Basically what the market, what I want to here talk about is, I want to explain the market trend, right, general direction in which the market moves. You got to pay attention to that. For example, if there's a daily level, right, on a daily chart we are looking at an uptrend, looks like a patient scandal we are pushing.Doesn't matter one hour chart looks like, doesn't matter what five minute chart looks like, whatever. For the longer duration on a daily chart we're in an uptrend. So what's happening here? The flow is strongly towards the upside.If you're doing puts play on five minute chart, hence you can see a all of a sudden move up. A lot of people just go, oh my god, why did it freaking go? Which, yeah, you can catch this move, but if you know on a daily chart we're in a very strong uptrend, on a five minute chart, catch the move as long as you can, but the moment the trend breaks, I want you to stop looking for reversals so you can catch the flow, which is the waters in general flow, current of a river, and you don't want to really swim against the flow for too long, right. It's very, very important to understand and to respect the bigger time frames trend, all right.You can ignore them if you want, you can ignore them for a time being for a little bit, you might survive on a little hiking trip if you go, you know, ignore the weather conditions, whatever, but it's dangerous and it's difficult if you do it every single time, right. Does it make sense? So you always need to be in the flow with the market. You never want to try to go against the market for too long.You can go for a little bit, yeah, sweet, whatever, but for too long it's just not going to work, all right. So, following the flow. Let's talk about it in a little bit detail, all right.The first thing that you need to do is you need to understand the flow, all right. You need to, it's not just about recognizing, it's just not about recognizing the flow if it's moving up or down or the trend if it's trendy up or trendy down. It's not just that, right.It's about understanding the momentum behind these moves. Sometimes stocks can be in an uptrend but with shitty momentum. The trades are there but that doesn't mean that you should be taking those trades.So, under the flow basically means momentum, right. It's less about, oh, are we in an uptrend, are we in a downtrend, but it's more about are we in a momentum push towards the uptrend.
Are we in a momentum push towards the downtrend, right.Think of it like sailing, right. Think of it like kind of sailing. Knowing the wind direction is definitely going to help you set the best course that you want to go to, right.So, it's very important in understanding the momentum behind either uptrend or downtrend, all right. And then comes where you want to respect the flow. You got to respect the market trends.This is about the strategic alignment with the market, right. If the market's pushing towards the upside with a lot of momentum, you got to respect it. If you go against the trend without strong reasoning, it's like driving on the wrong side of the road.It's not just risky, it's the risk for no reason. It complicates your journey, right. Does it make sense? Respecting the flow.Okay, sweet. We're in a strong, massive uptrend. Doesn't matter what level you throw at, you're going to break through.But all of a sudden, you start seeing the momentum. Watch the momentum module again. You start seeing it slowing down.Then we have a big dynamite level approaching. Then there's doing a moving average on an hourly chart of something happening. And then previous highs, previous high lows break.You can go play against the trend. Sweet, but not for too long. I don't want you to just think, oh my God, just going to keep on going lower, lower.Yeah, these are, as I said in the momentum, these are quick scalps, all right. You never really want to go against the river current. I mean, you can go against the river current, but it doesn't mean that you're going to survive.Right. Because making a mistake, like for trading against the flow is going to be the worst thing for longer duration of your career. I mean, you can last, don't take me wrong.I have gone against the market trend. I've gone against the momentum and I've made a little bit of money, but on a longer, bigger timeframe, man, you just don't want to do it. I mean, if it's just an uptrend, momentum shitty, you can kind of play the downside move.But if the momentum is strong, you need to recognize, you need to understand and in the real time, be able to recognize if this is momentum push, or if this is just a crappy freaking push happening because of the, you know, just because we are in an uptrend, all the uptrends are not tradable. Write this down. There's a difference between shit trades.And there's a difference between shit uptrend and there's a difference between a actually nice uptrend. All right. This is the difference.
So this and this, the shit uptrend would be like this, slow move. The nice uptrend goes like this. This is where you can make a lot of money.This is just stress for no reason. All right. If you're trying to trade without a sound rationale, man, if you're trying to trade without a sound rationale and trying to trade this momentum push towards the upside, I mean, you're going to break through the big critical levels.Doesn't matter. You always got to pay attention to how much volume we're getting, how much, how big of the candlesticks they're becoming. Every single little thing matters.These tiny things matters. On a bigger, when you look at the bigger thing, man, bigger picture, they all matter. Right.So follow the flow. There's two examples of this mistake that I see a lot of people make. They keep short, like they keep jumping in short trades and a strong uptrend just because you have a preconceived notion the market looks weak or Tesla looks weak.So you keep on shorting it over and over again. Right. Imagine you decide to walk south while everyone else is heading north.Right. There's about everyone heading toward that direction. And you're the only one moving this side.Yeah. Cool. Sweet.You can do that. But, but if you're thinking that the whole crowd is just going to follow you and turn around, it's very, very difficult without any reason. They need to see some like, look at this, everyone's heading towards the upside, heading towards north.You want to head towards the other side. You think you want everybody to reverse. They're only going to reverse and follow you if there's some, you know, danger in the front.Does it make sense? If there's a level, critical level, and everyone's like, I don't know, man, I don't want to really take a risk. You know what, let's just turn around. And then things turn around.Now, if there's no danger, if they do not turn around, you'll find yourself alone, losing all the money to all these people. And that's far from where you want to be. You will be exhausted from that effort.Doesn't make sense. And that's what happens when you try to short sell and that's what happens when you try to play puts in a strong uptrend without a clear sign of reversal. Again, go watch the reversal module if you do that stuff, right? The market can keep on moving up, up until it cannot move up anymore.But up until then, you might take big losses. So you don't really want to do that. You will short
sell in a strong uptrend, then you will sit there hoping for a reversal.You will pray to God for something to happen so the trading goes in your direction. Eventually, this all leads to a significant loss and a loss after that. And then your mindset's all wrecked up and then you keep on going south like this.Don't want to do this to you. No, I don't want you to do this. Another example of this is something you see, you see Tesla go up big time in a day and your brain tells yourself, it can't keep going up all day.It already made a $30 move. I mean, it cannot keep on going all day, man. All right, you know what? There's a big level approaching.I'm going to try short it. And when it goes towards a big level, it little bit pulls back a little bit. And you see a little rejection that confirms your thesis.You see what you want to see at this stage. You're like, oh my God, this is a trade. This is what's going to happen.But you're ignoring all the freaking volume we are getting. We'll be approaching higher on this little pullback we had at a small volume so far. But you see a little rejection that confirms what you want to see.And when you trade thinking that you're seeing actual thing, but in reality, that's actually not there. And in the real time, you cannot tell. It's different.It's very difficult. So you see a little rejection and you think, oh, this is confirming my thesis. Let me jump in.Or actually, does it confirming your thesis? But you're just making this setup in your head right at this stage. And now you have a very, very hard time closing this trade. It goes down.You're like, oh my God, I'm nicely up. Oh my God. Yes, yes, yes.Beautiful. And then it tries to reverse. Instead of playing the patience candle here, now you're like, oh my God, my stop loss is right above this.Let's see if it holds. Oh, it's not holding. And because it's a big level, the moment the big level breaks, it makes a big move and you have a hard time closing the trade.Hence, you blow up. Understand the flow, understand the momentum, understand the reversals, understand how things work. You see what I'm saying? Very freaking important, man.It really is one of the most important things that you need to learn. It's one of the most important things that you need to do. You need to understand that how the momentum works, how the uptrend actually works, how to actually get paid from that shit.
This is important. This is some cool stuff. You see what I'm saying? And if you can't do that, man, it's going to be a little bit difficult.Now, what are the long-term impacts of this? Everything has a long-term impact. I promise you. Anything that you do today, there's a long-term impact, be it positive or be it negative.If you go gym every day, every day, every day, long-term impact. What's going to be long-term impact? You're going to be fit. You're going to be healthy.You're going to be enjoying life a little bit more. If you keep doing the stupid mistakes in your training, what's the long-term impact? Or if you keep going against the trend over and over again, what's the long-term impact? First one is erosion of capital. I use the word erosion because it's very slow.It's slow that kind of. You see, consistently going against the trend without valid reason will lead to significant losses, right? Just as, think about it, right? To get to your home, like this is where you work. And this is a block.There's another block. And this, hang on, let me draw the quick map. Man, I can be artist. What do you say? I can't. Yeah, I think so. I can be bloody.I'll be a good freaking artist. And your home's right here. This is your home.This is your home, sweet home. This is where you work, right? This is where you work. Your car's parked here.Now, what's the easiest way to get home? Turn left, drive straight, go in. This is the easiest way. But imagine you, you're like, oh, today, every single move that I'm going to take, I'm going to make a wrong turn.Oh, you turn this way. Oh, let me turn this way. Oh, let me turn this way.Oh, and you keep on going this way. Yeah, you might eventually get home. But think about this.What have you done? By consistently making wrong moves, wrong turns, wrong stuff, you will increase your travel cost, time cost, and you're wasting your resources at this point. What's the freaking point? Why? Right? And it's slow erosion. You can't really see it.Like, you can see the losses, but it's not the best because loss is just not, comes with losses. It comes with increased stress as well. Just like, this is going to be so stressful to keep driving, sitting in the traffic whole day over and over again.You're going to lead to stress. You're going to lead to burnout. You're going to lead to frequent, you know, more car you drive, there's more chances of you fucking getting involved in an accident, more you stay on the road, right? You're going to lead to stress.
You're going to be, oh my God, then there's some missed opportunities because you might miss spending more time with your kids. There's all sorts of stuff, which leads to increased frustration, right? Just, you don't want to really do this because eventually you're going to lose all the confidence. And when you lose the confidence, what happens? You know what? You lose, like you lose big time.Even though you do everything right with LTP, other frameworks, but every now and then you take this stupid trade that you think what's happening, it reduces the profitability of actual trading because you're burning money here. You can't really see it because you already up thousand dollars using this system, but you're losing every now and then you're losing two or300 bucks, which is why I say erosion, but eventually you're going to start reducing your profitability. See what I'm saying? Because $200 a day is $50,000 a year in trading because there's 252 trading days, $50,000, which is a lot, right? And over time, repeated failures, you're going to shake your belief in your trading ability.You're going to just, not the best place to be in. You see what I'm saying? It's making the same mistakes over and over again. But if you do this stuff, if you make a setup in your head and you do not understand how the reverse holds actually work and you jump in when you think, oh my God, this cannot be going up all day.You know what? I'm going to try this. Yeah, not going to work. If you do that stuff, this is what you need to do straight away.You need to do this. First one is learn to identify trend. I mean, it really is that simple.Start with the basics. Higher highs, higher lows, the most simple ways. Higher highs, higher lows, sweet.Use a moving average if you cannot freaking do it, man. Use a moving average. Use 8 EMA if you can't trust your high highs and high lows, right? Moving average.Have a trend line, like momentum indicator if you want to use it. I do not fucking recommend anybody. But if you want to use it, it's just guiding yourself a little bit.You use it to guide yourself. You don't use it to base decisions. It just helps you if the momentum is there, if the momentum is strong.If it's holding 8 EMA on a 5-minute chart, that means momentum is there. If it fails, that means the momentum is about momentum. So slow it down, right? Learn to identify trend.It's really that freaking simple. The next one is FOMO phase is what you should be keeping an eye on. Only FOMO phase.What is FOMO phase? Do you remember? So the volume is nice. We pull back. Decent volume, right, on the pullback.
And then we make a new high on quite shitty volume. The candles are becoming smaller and smaller. And we made a new high.The volume significantly dropped. This is the FOMO phase. If there's a big critical level approaching and there's 200 moving average or some sort, like there's some confluence, don't just jump in straight away.Still wait for some sort of critical level to break and then give you entry. But then you can move towards the downside. Otherwise, if you keep trying this, man, it might work once or twice, but for a longer duration of time.Doesn't matter. This is work. Doesn't matter.FOMO phase, anything. It doesn't end up well because it will just trap you. Pretend like it's a FOMO setup, and then it'll just shoot up with a lot of volume again.And then you're stuck in the position. All right. Always align your trades with the trend.It's just more effective. Because once you have identified the trend, you need to align your trading style for the day to match it. If it's calls day, you play calls.If the market's trending up, look opportunities to buy calls. If the market's trending down, look off with opportunities to play puts. It's more effective if you battle.If the river's flowing this way and you and your little boy, it's more effective if you battle towards the direction of the water. It's just so much more easier. You see what I'm saying? Kind of think of it like, you know, those escalators, I think they're called in the malls.They move, they go up. Have you ever tried on the wrong side? I've done it. Oh my god, I've done it.I fell. Last time I did it, I fell on my knees. Yeah, I hurt myself.Um, my shin was like, because I was trying to go up on the, um, on the stairs that were coming down. Oh my god. Um, really, really, really don't try it.But yeah, um, how much more effective it is if you just go on the one that is actually going up. So much easier. Yeah.So always align your trades with the trends. It's just more effective. Now you do identify that you need to have proper criteria for your trades, but proper criteria for the trades to go against the trend as well.As I talk about that in the reversal module, the criteria that I look for, if I'm going against the trend where I'm looking for reversals. All right. But at the same time, if you are doing all this and you still do not have risk management, you're not going to work because it can turn out to
be a loser, but you need to be able to cut your position size ASAP.You need very, very strict risk management. All right. Very strict risk management.Otherwise you're not going to work. Any reversal play or any trade in general, not going to work. If you're not playing with this one thing, risk management, this is literally the king.Right. Now go over your journals. All right.Go over your journals. Go over everything that you do. Go over your journals.Don't try to just come up with straight away. Like if you fell, don't just try to come up straight away. All right.After a lot, learn. See why did you fall at first place? Where did things go wrong? Just don't let your pain go to rain for no reason. Don't just let it go to waste, man.If you fell, see why. What did I do wrong? Where did I go? Where did I fuck up? See what I'm saying? And then you can go about your day and you know, go by your trading and come back with upgraded version of yourself. For example, think if Apple, if Apple or Apple, a double B, the phone, right.If Apple made a phone and think about it for a minute, right? Whatever the software they had it, it crashed. The software crashed. It kept crashing over and over and over again for customers, for the customers.Eventually what's going to happen is people are going to post shit reviews on YouTube. I'm sure you have done some YouTube videos before you actually bought something. And everyone's like, yeah, they're not planning to upgrade the version anytime soon.And you'd be like, yeah, I'm not buying it then. All right. What's the point? What's the freaking point? And Apple's going to hurt the sales, but Apple sees this as a problem.They're like, okay, let's identify where the problems are happening. Okay. This, these are the points that are problems are happening.All right. We identified, let's fix these problems one by one. Okay.The problems are fixed. Okay. So now we have 18.0.0.3.4 fucking software launching.Um, upgrade your software. This will not be a problem. And then another problem arises and then they do the same thing.And because they keep doing the same thing, hence that's one of the most richest fucking brand out there. You know why? Because they see a problem. They get feedback from the problem.
They go look into the problem. Why is that happening? They fix that problem. And then they relaunch the upgraded version.Do this. Go read journals. Don't just, if it crashed, don't just be like, all right, sweet.Let me restart it. No, you can't fix the internal problems. If you just restart the phone after it crashed, right? You're going to sit down, see what, what's going wrong.See, learn if you can something from it. There's a few points that are, you're doing wrong. Over them one by one, fix, ask for help.Just don't let those go to waste, man. And then upgraded version comes back in the market with, um, your version of let's say Mr. Um, Donald Trump. I had Donald Trump version 2.0. I don't know if you like him, hate him.I don't care about Mr. Donald Trump version 2.0, the 3.0, 3.1, 3.2. If I started counting my versions, I probably will be on version something like 78,900 and something because you learn every single trade that you take. You try to learn, you learn a lesson from it. You see what I'm saying? So do this.All right. You got this. All right.Go sit down, look over your journals. Now go look over your journals from the past week. See what you did wrong and follow this Apple's framework to get rich.Okay. See what's went wrong. See if you can fix it.Try to come up with the upgraded version of yourself. All right. Don't just watch the next video. Not going to be helpful. It's not good for anybody. Not good for you.Not good for your family. Not good for the money. Not good for your pocket.Go look at your journals and I'll see you soon. Don't play the fucking next video because I'll know straight away if you play the next video. All right.I'll see you soon. Peace. Goodbye.
cp3j1a4tk4mc72vn9v80All right, what is going on everybody so welcome to another video you killing it you smashing it I just got my beard and you know my hair done Man, I look sexy. You see i'm a good-looking motherfucker, man Nice anyway Let's see what we have today. All right, I want to talk about in this.Um Video I want to talk about one mistake that a lot of traders make and um, you know Which is like it's cool and all like we need to watch the charts like, you know But solely relying on technical analysis for everything that you do sometimes or Yeah, like two out of ten times it will backfire And when it does backfire that fucks up with your confidence and a lot of stuff, right? So let's discuss this now first things first, right? Let's talk about what is technical analysis now, let's go back to the basics for for like a minute. All right What is technical analysis? Can we say it's a study of? market Market actions Right study of market actions by you know, we use charts We use indicators for this, right? just the and what's the goal for this just to Forecast Or predict This is the keyword here predict or forecast These are the keywords forecast or predict future movements, right? That's the main reason why we use technical analysis right now think about this as a technical analysis as a Um, it's like using you know, google maps when you are driving Right. It shows you the road and traffic but doesn't actually tell you, you know if there is um Like it can show you what the road is like what sort of traffic is like are the roads blocked here this But it can't show you that uh on this particular road that you're driving Um They're gonna be a mad driver.They're gonna try to pull up in front of you Um, you know or a kid gonna fucking try to run across the street while you're driving You see what i'm saying? the sudden Stuff right the sudden things that can happen inside the market or certain things that can happen while you're driving Are different every single time right now? Yes, technical analysis is the google maps for driving, right? but these things which are unpredictable things even Even google can't tell you right? So when you do just understand that This example the metaphor that I kind of i'm giving you. Um, it's only because Technical analysis is powerful, right? It's super powerful. And that's how we make all the money, right? That's how I made all the money.But at the same time It's not something that is That can't be defeated, right? It's not like oh, this is it if like this is what matters No, right You should use this as a tool. All right, it's a tool. That's that's all about it Right, it's not like oh my god, it has to work 100% of the time No, it doesn't and i'm sure you know it and you're like, yes, but I know it doesn't work 100% of the time But at the same time we rely on it too much which we should But when the trade does not go the way we want it to go It hurts it hurts and sometimes it can hurt you bad because you are not expecting because you're like so Much into the trade and it looks so sexy.You're like, oh my god, you know, this has to go up I mean nothing has to go up It don't have to go up. It goes up. Yeah, cool, but it doesn't have to go up.
You see what i'm saying? It can go up is a better word. Yeah, it can go up but has to go up it must go up No No, you see what i'm saying So don't solely rely on the technical analysis to a point where It start hurting you right now What happens when you're solely relying on it, right? Let's talk about the first thing that I want to talk about is the strength Right. What is the strengths that we get when we're relying on technical analysis? It's a fantastic tool like the indicators that we use the 200 moving average You know or eight exponential moving average or the view up or the volume.It's Fantastic for identifying trends because that's when we make most amount of money on the trends, right? or patterns There's a beautiful pattern setting up or a flag pair setting up or there's 200 moving average approaching and we can reverse here So let's take some profits. So it's a fantastic tool for identifying trends patterns You know potential reversal points in the market. It's kind of like let's say right meanwhile We booked a holiday recently and um, you know while we're booking holiday, what do we do? We went online.We went to literally the weather app on the iphone And we used it as a tool We know that it might change it might not be the same like, you know But we booked the holiday based on like so it's not rainy all the time You know, there's this and we we're going to area which is not rainy. So we are kind of Just like booked the holiday It's called risk management so we can do a little bit we can go walk at the beach You know go chill, you know go have a little breather Um, and it's a good idea to pre like kind of use the tool to predict but solely relying on it for something It's you still kind of have a backup plan, right? Okay what if like for example, you you arranging a wedding for the outside like Right, um in the garden, right for example And you're spending about a hundred 150 000 in the wedding now Would you consider yourself wise to? Um, not have any backup plan. I know some people do not but that's not me, right? I always want to have every single backup plan reason The things that I cannot control I like to it's very very important.It's literally important write this down The things that you can't control you want to have some sort of protection for those things, right? You can't control weather So let's create a plan b but the things that you can control Never have a plan b for that because you should be full in like this is it I gotta get this done Doesn't matter how but the things that you can't control you should always have a plan b like the nature I can't control so I gotta have a plan b just in case if it's fucking raining that day I'm paying 150 000. They're gonna be so many people and you know It's a beautiful networking opportunity to just have a conversation with every single person All right, sweet And that is called risk management, right now I don't want you to kind of go into the market and being like, oh, you know what? This is um, this has to work. This is gonna go up this this this this this You know all these reasons that you're telling yourself I'm gonna have a backup plan.You gotta have a risk management Yeah, like the things that you can't control you can't control the market understand this You can't control which option contracts you're choosing. You can't control where you're gonna have your stop-loss You can't control where your profit target is.
You can't control You know the stop-loss strategy With you know, which levels are you going to take profits when the stock's moving up? all sort of stuff right but the things that you can't control is There is a 200 moving average approaching.You can't control it. You can't move the 200 moving average It is what it is. You just gotta you know, adjust yourself accordingly Or all of a sudden there's a big news that's coming out and the news can just push the price down You can't control the news news gonna happen be whether you like it or not But what you can control is let me cut down my risk because I can't control it I need to put my risk down same thing goes for swing trading, right? So when people swing trade, what do they do? They look at the charts the daily charts, but you can't control your position size You can't control where you're gonna take profits.You can't control your entry But what you can't control is if there's something that happened to the company while the market is shut next day The market can literally open lower like this happened with me on ba right? I was holding ba calls The chart looks beautiful And monday on sunday night or monday morning Yeah, monday morning for me sunday night for you guys, um in u.s There was a plane crash boeing plane crash What happened to boeing? I know it's so sad but boeing gapped down. I couldn't control it But what I could control is my position size So you just you can minimize the risk on things that you can't control All right Does it make sense and that's the strength of? Of Solely relying but the weakness as I discussed There's weakness or limitations that we have while we're trying to just use technical analysis for everything It can show you what has happened or it's happening, but it doesn't account for why? Has it happened or why you know something is happening for example? You're looking at historical data and you're like, oh my god This looks so good and you come up with this crazy strategy, whatever, right? You're like every time it goes hit 440 from 438 The price rejects so nice. Oh my god, and you test it, you know, you test it three or four times You're like, oh my god, this happened all the time Now, yeah, it showed you what happened It showed you what's happening and now price is approaching 440 again, and you see a little bit of a rejection But it's not showing you why that happened the previous three or four times Maybe there was every single time when the price were around there Right.It just happened to be that we had a bad news all three four times And the price crashed but now you're looking at this. You're like I got a gold mine This gotta go down in the up in the past. It has gone down so many times What do you do you jump in all your position size every single cent into this trade and what happens? It gives you a nice patience candle here you're like, all right, this looks nice looks weak And your input Shoots up now you hoping for the trade to work for you You see what i'm saying? It can show you what happened.It can show you what's happening. I can't tell you why Right looking at the charts So market fundamentals the news the economic indicators They drive the price changes right and just sitting there and just saying oh, I don't watch the news like I personally don't watch the news But I want to be very careful when the news is if the news is dropping at 9 45 There's a pmi numbers coming out. I need to be careful about that shit.
You see what i'm saying? it's You don't want to really take shots. Just you know throwing darts in the air you want to have like reasoning especially when there's money involved and you want to Always have a plan b for the things that you can't control news is coming out you sitting in calls You want to have a plan b? You know what if you if you're sitting in 100 contracts, let me take profits on 80 just in case That's you controlling things that you can't control and as soon as the news comes out everything drops and you get out There's 80 contracts the profits that you took on this keeps you green on the trade Or even if you took a small loss it protects you going big red on the day You see what i'm saying? You'd rather be a little red. Yeah, sweet rather than a big red So control the things that you can control Right now a couple examples the first big example that I see a lot of people make is And this is sad and this is what it is what it is on the internet I see a lot of people make this mistake.Even some of you make this mistake, which is like earnings or you know Ignoring kind of you ignore the market, you know, you ignore market shit Which is not nice. You don't want to ignore that shit. Does it make sense? What does it what does it mean ignoring market shifts? You are so Solely focused like imagine this You you focus you're driving down the road, right? You're driving down the road and you so focused on just the gps You so focused on just the speed the speed thing the speedometer you so focused on just these technicals You fail to realize that there's someone crossing the road Because you're looking into this you're like, yeah, it can't fail Right, what happened and you hit the person? What happens Now you're in trouble now you've done something which you didn't intend to do but you have done it right Does it make sense? So that's what trading without knowing where the market can shift Can do to you, right? You never want to kind of go to a spot get or get yourself in a position where the market can hurt you I never want you to do that Why? Not news coming out then it's 958 Why would you why would you just freaking not get out big position size? Right And this i've seen this a lot of traders do this actually recently It was some case you members have texted me about all the news has hurt hurt them the feds talking or something, you know news has hurt them And This is the reason right the reason I even I send them a voice message.I'm like this is where you made a mistake You're so focused on watching the charts Which is cool and all you can watch the charts are so focused on watching the speedometer On your car or the you know your phone for the google maps You fail to realize somebody's crossing Right so What was the mistake here the person crossing or you're not relying you're not focusing On what's actually happening right now? so traders who focus too much on the charts traders who focus too much just on Thinking of it as a science. It's not a science. It's an art right art changes science doesn't change art changes Trading is an art.It's a skill It changes things are different all the time it's different when you're you know, imagine if you're running a marathon someone who I have a friend of mine who runs marathons, right and um He kind of gave me this example ages ago. I think it's a it fits perfectly here Um, he's like you can prepare for it. You can prepare everything but you know what you can't prepare for like what? he goes running a marathon you know when the temperature is like Cooler is a little bit different and very very very very easy compared to running a marathon
when it's like um, you know 35 degrees celsius which would be Probably we are okay.I don't know 80 80 for now, right for example 80 90 it's different i'm like, yeah he's like so It's an art you have to Have different strategies. You have to have different ways to cool yourself down You have to have you have to prepare yourself for um for the dehydration on for this like a week in advance um Like huh? It's not just like oh today is a marathon day. Let me run You know i'm saying so you gotta watch everything same goes here.You can't just watch the charts. You gotta know it Okay, the news is coming out this time All right, these contracts um, these contracts do not have enough volume for me, you know I'm sitting in these And all of a sudden the price drops and you're sitting in the contracts which do not have enough volume the prices of those contracts can take a hit because the bids will literally be like why would Think about this If you were a buyer, right, you're a buyer of a iphone or you know, you're a buyer of a phone which has um And just the news just dropped the news says every time Every time you put this phone on charge it explodes Easier than then now, would you want to buy this phone? Of course not Why why would you do that? Then that's the news that came out market has news came out which made an export towards the downside Now would you want to place a bid be like? Oh, let me buy that. No when you're scared So what happens is the bids and asks kind of ask is still sitting at the same price but ask drops But the bids drop big time And then you place a market order broker get there's no other buyer.This is the only buyer that we have So it doesn't matter the prices are five hundred dollars If he plays a bet a hundred bucks, he can you're gonna get filled a hundred why because There's nobody in the middle who wants to buy it You see what i'm saying, so don't just watch the charts don't ignore the market shifts Don't ignore the times where the markets can change don't ignore The signs that the market giving you that it can reverse just because there's a patient scandal There's a ltp framework. That doesn't mean you need to ignore every single thing that's setting up. Another example of this is overconfidence Let me explain overconfidence in patents better word Or patterns or you know trends or stuff that's happening It's like like just i'll use the same example of you know, running a marathon.Um, like I explained a minute ago Same thing right you the humidity or the weather conditions or different altitude different, you know air quality that all matters Right. So there's a lot of things that change Yeah, it's still you know same 50 mile Whatever margin is the marathon is it's the same The results not the outcome is Exactly the same but the inputs We are different for the output Right, there's different inputs for both same outputs So that's what trading is right now. Imagine if you're putting the same input inputs and expecting the same outputs for Different conditions it's different.So yeah, sweet if something worked in a trendy day a nice patient scandal worked in a trendy day sweet But I don't want you to have overconfidence on a choppy day and using the same stuff That you use in a trendy day. It's like having the same input expecting the you know, same output No, it doesn't work this way now, you know as you as a trader You might think oh,
there's a nice patient scandal setting up and uh, it has to go up It doesn't have to fucking go up it can go up But depends on the market conditions depends on how much bearish news we have depends on how spy and qqq's are trading depends on If there's any big critical level sitting on the top depends on if there's any big resistance sitting at the top, you know on a daily level It depends on a lot of other factors right as well like there's some news coming out So the market's being choppy. So the market's waiting for the news to hit right, so Remember that your results Somewhere it has to do with the the weather conditions right now in the market as well Doesn't make sense.I hope so. I hope so Right, so don't put too much confidence in in one pattern Now if you do this is what's going to happen the long-term impact of this mistake Is first thing you're going to miss You're going to miss the market signals and you're going to lose the opportunities to trade If there's news coming out And you lose a lot of money on that news You lose you losing the opportunity to trade now, you'll be like why how how does that matter? That matters because if you lose a lot of money today A lot of money today your confidence has taken a hit next day If the market's the best trendy market in the world, right next year the market's like super trendy What happens guess what you do not have money to trade now Doesn't make sense Because you lost everything here So what happened you missed the signal the market was giving you that there's a news coming up, please please please trader, please Calm down, but you you missed it and now you lost the opportunity the next day that day could have been Your biggest trading day But you know what? I guess we'll never know if it was going to be your biggest trading day or not because You fucked up that one day Does it make sense? That's a long-term impact the second one is potential for great losses What does that mean? Just as a sailor kind of ignoring the weather conditions He might freaking, you know, push his fucking boy into a storm right Because he ignored the bigger time frames he ignored what's happening he ignored that the winds traveling this way on this particular, you know, um these days and The you know, there's some storm setting up around that area And by the time we get there you're gonna be traveling towards us or whatever fucking how the hell the fuck it works Right, but you get my point so when you ignore that stuff Thinking right now it's cool But whatever's coming towards me Yeah, it will worry then you know what happens that's like You take a trade at 9 55 What's coming towards you the 10 o'clock news You're going towards it. It's coming towards you and what happens boom And you fuck up you blow up crazy, right Third mistake The paper people make is it gives you false Or long the third long-term impact going to be false confidence Or ego is a better word So relying too much on chart patterns relying too much on technical indicators relying too much on two on a moving average Relying too much on a patient scan or relying too much on vwap or atma relying too much on just one type of trend Or relying too much on just trading the chop or a trend it can build a false sense of security where you're like You know what man i'm the fucking goat.I know how to trade now No, you do not up until you see some market cycles markets moving in cycles Sooner you understand this easier your life will be And you know which cycles those are Right, but you forget you know what cycles they are We go from accumulation to A push
which is public phase to formal phase then distribution This is how the markets move This is chop. This is trend. This is reversal setting up.This is this is downtrend again Trend reversal downtrend chop market moves in cycles Now you might be thinking yourself as a goat here Then you catch this then you catch a little bit of trend. You're like, oh my god Man, I can just make money and then comes the chop Yeah It's not like not gonna happen to you. This is gonna happen to every single person And this is where people fuck up because the confidence here the confidence here has gone to a point where you're thinking like you're You know the greatest of all time The moment the chop hits the market Now what happens? You do not pay attention to the you know conditions of the market You know you keep your position size same and you Fuck up Patient scandal on a trendy day versus patient scandal on a day when there's no enough trend are two very very very different things It doesn't make sense to you.So I want you to make money. I want you to make money here I want you to make money here. I want you to make money here, but then comes the phase when you need to protect money why because Protect as much money here because there's a trend coming up soon What people do they blow up here and then the trend comes then? Oh my god, I missed out Oh my god, I missed out i'm gonna start trading again, man I'm missing out on so much money Boom you're back in this Then and then you blow up again, and then you hate the market and then you text samesh samesh.You were a fucking idiot. Fuck you Like it's a bitch didn't do shit. Somebody's trying to teach you fucking how to trade this shit This is this is protection phase.This is not money making phase Yeah, if you make a little bit money cool, but there's a protection phase These are called market cycles markets move in a cycle market Just doesn't go up or down all the time market's gonna be choppy and that's the cycles of the market going Understand this put this in your head Right and if you do all this stuff man the step to do right now the steps to take right now if you want to protect yourself is you need to integrate A calendar. What does that mean? You need to integrate a calendar in your brain every single day Every single day on a piece of paper, right just before the market opens right down 945 bmi 10 And you have cpi fucking whatever, right? 1030 j paul talking So you have this piece of paper I want you to put this piece of paper right in front of you Does it make sense or you can just tell you tell you know I'll ask you siri Do you know just remind you stuff like this? or like this Siri, can you please set an alarm for 9 45 a.m? It's turned on boom Remind you just as simple so we cancel the 9 45 alarm I've turned off your 9 45 a.m you get my point integrate a calendar just Ask this to ask this system to Remind you or ring an alarm or ask it to remind you two minutes before Or write it down in front of you. See what i'm saying? So integrate a calendar In your trading, it's so important Right The second thing that you need to do is actually follow Have a system if you're sitting in called you need to have a system where you like, you know I'm going to cut 70 percent of my position size be it's called or puts when the news is about to hit your alarm goes Off at 9 44 Doesn't matter if you're in profit or loss you're going to cut 70 profits or
loss But the positions are 70 come off if you're in 10 contracts You're going to take seven contracts off if you're in five contracts, you're going to take three contracts off Whatever the thing is, but you need to take some stuff off why it's just a way of risk management These are the steps you take right now Right and it's also called hybrid approach you still have a position that from the charts, but you're hybrid You're using a little bit of technical analysis, but you're also making an informed trading decision It's like looking at you know The map but also looking at the road at the same time as well when you when you you know when you're driving a hybrid approach Then comes educate Kcu the best place you will be and you know it You see what i'm saying i've been trading for a while I have gone through these all these cycles I've gone through all these cycles Man, I promise you i've done every single mistake in the book.I know what it feels like to trade here I know what it feels like to trade. I know what it feels like to fuck have the market reverse on you But you're gonna keep learning You see what i'm saying when i'm trading on the voice Listen what I say Right. I never talk out of my fucking ass All right, it's not like what oh, yeah, what yeah, yeah, he's talking shit No, every single thing that I say when i'm on the voice Has it had some weight to it? All right.Otherwise, I wouldn't I wouldn't fucking hop on the voice that day right It should help you navigate you see them then And then comes the last one which is important In journal Journal your trades look at the market. See what's bigger picture doing journal your trades ask yourself. Why why did you enter? Why did you get out? What went well? What went wrong? What did this trade felt short? What is this trade? Have much top loss 20 minutes into the into the trade even though this trade started working Where was I missing out? Was there some news coming out and you adjust yourself a little bit accordingly? Right.It's like being being a you know being a chef and um Changing or tweaking the recipes based on the feedback Right, like for example, I had um I had some of you guys tell me, you know So much, it's you know, we like to watch the uh, watch the videos on the tv And uh, sometimes the kids are around. Um, can you try to not swear that much or try, you know? Make sense to me like yes, of course sure I I'm that guy. I'm the chef who is changing a little bit of recipe Which I can Based on the feedback, right you guys asked and I adjusted.Yes. I still do a little bit, but I try not to because literally when i'm when i'm recording I have a thing on my I have a thing on my computer right here at the bottom that says be nice It's kind of uh Pull back You see what I'm saying? It's important very very important to listen to what the market's trying to tell you It's very important to just adjust a little bit accordingly Otherwise, you know what happens? Otherwise you become a angry motherfucker because you think the whole world is against you the world's not against you man Like yeah, of course some people go overboard and fucking you know, tell me fucking some Crappy shit about you know the way I talk All right, cool but at the same time there's a difference between Market giving you a feedback or someone giving you a feedback or someone just hating or markets never hating but it's just you You're trading yourself Something happening in your life and you know that that anger is coming out in the in the stock market And you want to feel in control of things but
you know, but you haven't been in control of things in your life So you're like man, even this thing is not in control Let me show you who's the fucking boss and things do not go as well See what i'm saying? I want you to do well. I want you to fucking perform well I want you to fucking make money but in order to do that you need to reflect a little bit Market's not the place to You know try to show you who's the boss It just doesn't work right That's all man.That's all I have. Um, I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you learned a thing or two Now, please do not just watch the next video straight away sit down And I know I I know some of y'all who literally play the next video straight away right because I can see on my end, I don't know if um, if I should show you but I can't show you because it'll reveal the emails and stuff.Um, but all i'm saying is I can see on my end who's watching the videos the next video straight away I'm telling you go take the rest of the day off. Don't watch the next video straight away. The reason why I want you to think about this stuff a little bit longer I want you to look at your journals and be like, you know, what? Let me let me see what's the market trying to give me a feedback about let me let me implement that in my trading Let me see if I can improve a little bit if you can improve a little bit.How can I improve? Right and then come back tomorrow watch the next video Because these videos ain't going nowhere Does it make sense? You got this. I'll see you soon. I'll see you later Good luck.Goodbye God bless you Let's fucking get rich, let's go
cp5c9emb513s72sb1pagWait, what is going on everybody? Hope you guys are doing well Give me one second All right What is going on everybody? Hope you guys are doing well Jeff Noel Marvin what is happening? All right Let me share my screen. Let me know when you can see it What the fuck does this mean? Very good, right. You see my screen just do a thumbs up All right, so wait What's happening? What's happening? Happy fucking weekend day.Good weekend. I said hey, I slept like a baby Slept like a baby first time in a while. I think I think it was a leg day yesterday.Hey Um, it was a leg day and I straight after the gym. I straight went to the bed. I think I slept like I slept long hours and Long hours for me.All right guys. So, uh today i'm gonna go over a few points that Lately i've been working on the psychology course and um I wanted to go over a few points with you guys on this call as well Um, because I feel like they're gonna prepare you the best way possible for the upcoming week also, um These are very very important points that we need to go over. Um Let's go with them.All right, so anybody if any, um, anybody have any questions towards the end of every Uh towards the end, um, we'll we'll go over the q a so I stay in kind of a floor All right um Also keep taking notes. There's some yeah, there's some stuff This is gonna be good stuff for you guys. All right, keep taking notes, please And um any all the questions and everything hold off till the end We'll go with them, right? so Um What happens when we are not adaptive or we don't know how to adapt to the market? Because the market changes, you know, we um like straightforward explanation of this would be um Stock market has changed so much since I started trading um, I remember 2019 or Yeah, 2019 2020 2020 you it was like In the morning the moment the trend picked up you could essentially just open up a position And just literally this used to be me.I used to just bro fall asleep in the chair And wake up two hours later close for like five to eight thousand dollar fucking games That was 2020 I used to sleep on my in my chair because the trend has picked up either to the upside or downside and wake up and Close my position But I couldn't do that same thing 2021 because 2021 the market a little bit shifted Um, I had a few few people that I know um Or what kind of good friends with who made a lot of money in 2020 Like 2020 trading they made a lot of money, but market changed 2021 2022 Those people are no longer around in the trading. They're just gone. They vanished Why how did that happen? They vanished because they failed to change with the changing market it's kind of like um weather systems, even though you know the apple, um your Apple weather app says this but it fucking changes.You can't you know It's unpredictable still See what i'm saying. Um Another example would be Using your patient scan because the market's gonna change right the patient scandal. That's
why it's not a strategy It's like more like a system why because even the even if the market changes the system Will still be intact Right or even with you guys sometimes i'm on the call, um And I say, okay, we're not gonna do just a two-minute chart setup Um, we're not gonna do just a two-minute chart setup.We are going to look for a confluence between two minute and five minute Why do we do that? Is the market changes? Right. So but when we get a lot a lot of times when we get married to one type of trades over and over again like I don't know if anybody remember um Probably a couple months ago. Um A couple months ago.We had a phase where um The sucker strategy was not working It just stopped working, you know, even though the market will gap up it stopped working the reason why was the market changes and then It started working again right, um if you do not you if you do not adapt to the You know different changing weather conditions, you know what happens you wear the fucking summer clothes in winter and that Eventually makes you sick All right, you're too cold now um, but How can we kind of be adaptive to the market all right this this Like first things all everybody here needs to understand. Um the market dynamics. All right market Reacts to a lot of different factors markets react to um economic data.So sometimes like If there is a news of a war or something Right or geopolitical events if there's a news of some war or something market shifts um, and you know with this politics and like we're gonna have um elections 2024 um, they're gonna be markets gonna shift right um elections usually the markets just Freaking can skyrocket right Or if there's any changes in technology like right now we have ai Thing going on and there's a lot of little companies that are making a lot of money by just changing the name to You know, whatever company dot ai Because ai is in a boom Right like it's like the internet bubble back in the day Um, but imagine people who didn't re um didn't shift their perspective with the changing market um in the internet boom The companies went broke Why the bubble burst? Same thing gonna happen eventually, uh with this market as well Right. There's so many little stupid companies that I know Personally, I know this, you know, the ceos or somebody who works at a higher post Um, even an australian stock exchange Bro, these companies are making no money, but they still have the valuations of like close to a billion dollars Like they're still little companies And i'm just like You guys have never made any money. You guys have no plan.How do you how you gonna make any money next five years? um and Yeah, they're like, yeah, i'm like so don't you feel like you're gonna burst like yeah, we know you're gonna burst Um, so they kind of uh, you know positioning themselves so they don't go broke Themselves as the individuals, but what about the companies? What about the companies whenever whenever the bubble thing happens, um, eventually we're gonna you know, the Company is going to go down. Eventually the market's going to shift Eventually, we will have um, you know, the pre- market high and the yesterday's high You know how my a plus setup if I have to define my a plus setup my a plus setup is when Um the pre-market high breaks. So if this is the pre-market high if that has broken Yesterday high is here yesterday high breaks Right, and then we set up
a nice patient schedule on whatever time frame that we are on right now two minute five minute ten minute And That is my a plus setup, but that was not my a plus setup since forever the market changes market shift right initially my a plus setup used to be just um, just wait, um, wait for an hourly level to break so Not even this if there's an hourly level here.I'll wait for it to break wait for a little pullback and That was my plus setup But because markets keep changing, um, that's why we need to be very flexible um Now, how can we know that? Okay, this setup doesn't work anymore We have to wait for this setup or this setup will eventually stop working We will need to wait for a better uh better spot for a patient schedule right, um, and That's that's a big problem that a lot of traders are not able to Figure out themselves right, they kind of um Or if they do figure out it's too late It's too late I had a um, I had a good friend of mine, um who started trading 2020 made a lot of money 2020 and 2021 Um didn't make much but 2022 almost blew about It took his trading account from like three or four thousand dollars to i'm talking like four five hundred thousand dollars 2020 2021 um I think right now he has like total 15 000 or 20 000 left because he still tries to Um, you know journal or look at his trades from 2020 or 2021 And he goes over the trades. He's like, oh then I was like, I was a machine man. I could print money I can't do it now like yeah, it wasn't that you were a machine then it was just the market was different The stuff that you were doing worked But now It's total different markets that things do not fucking work Right.So a couple examples of this mistake is using a bullish strategy in a bear market Right, um, for example, let's say let's say the market looks very good in on a um on an hourly chart or anything everything looks good everything looking sweet and um Everything looking good for the upside or whatever, right? And all of a sudden there's some news in the market that happens that made the market go down So on the day so far, it's so far trending down, but you have so much bias Which is why I do not personally like to um Look at the stare of the charts in the pre-market so long that it fucks with my brain All right So that's why I just want to draw my levels and i'm out of the charts Because if I stay at the charts too long, um, I start Picking up a bias towards the upside or downside i'm sure Let me know if anybody here has done it where the trend is sweet Beautifully down and you're looking for a place towards the upside And a little candle a little candle you get it's giving you hope. Oh That's a patient's candle at the bottom or that's a patient's candle setting up at 200 moving average on a hourly or that's a patient's kind of setting up At the hourly chart or whatever because you're so biased you're forgetting the bigger picture, which is so far we in a downtrend Anybody done it? Or even if you didn't lose money on this, you know, um on this push up But you didn't make the money because you missed that next big move Just because you were so biased Right. Um, we're using you know, uh bullish players in the market where it will be more beneficial For you to kind of play the downside Why not just play the downside? Why keep finding the trend? Or other type of people, um other mistake that I have made personally in the past is if there's a nice patient's candle setting up for the upside Jumping into a trade And Have my target hit a little bit and then I do not I just refuse or refuse to sell In the past I refused to sell my bullish position And now i'm just hoping I got this little push.
I'm like, oh my god, maybe it's gonna go now And it gave me a nice patient's candle And it went down and i'm just hoping there Instead I could have been like, okay. This is a bullish setup The structure broke here the structure broke And let me use this patient's candle for a trade towards the downside Right, there will be more money But not Right, so I refused and hence I took a big loss right I mean, um I don't know about you guys, but I was raised up at the farms and stuff right? Um back in back in india. So um If only that example that comes to my mind is There's a difference between summer crops and winter crops.All right, or Um, if you're gonna do gardening, you can't there's different techniques for summers the different techniques for winters and um You just can't be okay. I don't care if it's summers. I don't care if it winters.I'm gonna do what I want to do Yeah, it's not effective and you'll waste fucking time and resources It just doesn't work Right, um similarly if Even with even using some indicators and stuff, which is why um, I want you all to slowly start moving away from indicators like be it even eight explanation moving average or webop or any sort of indicators Anything that gets in a way for you to um execute Eventually slowly start taking um start moving away from them Anybody here notice that I do not use webop or atma um that That much these days than I used to back in the day I'm sure you got um people who have been long. Um here long time you guys know I don't use webop Much now. I don't use eight explanation more than average much Um, I slowly started moving away from them Why? If anything that gets in a way of me executing slowly gotta go Because if there was a view up sitting here and I had a patient scanner here I would be like even if the stop-loss is getting triggered with the patient.I'll be like, oh i'll just hold till the view And I did that a few times like I'll just hold to the view up and this happened few times where We'll bounce off the view up but most of the time it just Broke through So i'm like Okay You know what this? View up gets in the way. How about if I get rid of this view up? I don't know what's the next indicator can be let me just trade the price section Why not I did that and guess what this started working to a point where i'm like, oh, you know what? I turned the view up on myself. I don't want to have it have my view up on all the time in my charts I don't want to have eight exponential moving average 21 exponential moving average all the time on my charts I'll put them on whenever I feel like it and that That helped that helped a lot that helped me.Um, you know, follow my rules better That helped me follow my patient channel better and it's more about whatever you can do in order to trick your brain It worked right or another example of this is Maintaining a consistent strategy or position size regardless of volatility. I think i've mentioned this in the past but Let me know. Um, let me know in the chat.What's your average position size that you do? Um For trade what's average position size not per contract basis, but by dollar basis 500 500 All right thousand He said ten thousand Five to eight hundred five two thousand. All right Let's say 500. All right Let's say 500 This is monday tuesday wednesday thursday and friday All right, your 500 position size on monday is not the
same thing for friday hope you guys know that right Why monday the contract move a little bit slower monday the iv doesn't hurt that much The tita doesn't hurt that much.So the monday it's still kind of like you can say medium risk Or medium volatility on the contract A little move against you wouldn't hurt you that much But imagine doing the 500 same position size on friday a little pullback you're down 20 percent How the fuck do you manage your manage mentally Where you're like a little pullback and you're down 100 bucks normally to make 100 bucks here will take you fucking big move To have a 20 percent gauge It's all about volatility it's all about if A lot of people make this mistake where they try to maintain a consistent position size regardless of the volatility Monday position size should be a little bit different to tuesday to wednesday to thursday to friday Personally with my trading my position size kind of comes down like this on a bigger scale I still use my belco where I take my first trade decent position size Like small position size it gets up a little bit, you know, then I make a bunch of money And it drops but overall for the week my position size kind of looks like this Why monday? Ten thousand dollar position size is different Um, because there's still five days to expiration Then friday where i'm like, it's a zero days to expiration I can do 30 40 50 000 position size here. No problem. Can I do that fucking 50 000 position size here? like bro If I do that on let's say on um on tesla 50 000 position size on a zero days to expiration contract um And it really quickly goes up I made about 40 50 percent.That's sweet. Hey, i'm happy made 25 grand but then it drops i'm down like 50 percent Do I want to be in a position to do that nah So my position size kind of comes down so you could understand like especially on you know days when we have feds talking on days we have some um, you know fomc numbers coming out or Um, it's a opex fry or whatever it is you need to maintain your position size based on the volatility Like earnings earnings are coming up All right position size should should be different News coming up position size should be different and that goes As with the time of the day as well rather the market open you're doing zero days to expiration Positions position size can be a little bit a little bit more even if you do a zero day Either dd Right. Well first within 15 20 minutes.Yeah, whatever but imagine doing the same position size about 3 p.m in the afternoon And i'm talking to you guys, I know some of you guys make this mistake because you I've got some dms There's not enough volume for you to get out now boom You often trade spy qqqs. Yeah, my position size first 15 20 minutes is different to um after 10 o'clock Right, um if i'm trading spy qqqs position size a little bit different than um, When i'm trading stocks like say amd That has three or four day expiration. Um But also Kind of up until you get a hold of yourself up until you start learning more about yourself Um, i've been trading for a while.I've been trading these strategies for a while. I've been you know aware Um of how to position size for a while And these mistakes? Yeah, I used to make all these mistakes not anymore right because i've Um mastered them in a way Or mastered myself in a way so If you trade spy qqqs and do you're doing zero day expiration? Have you? Have different position size for first half an hour then whatever you're doing after half an hour have a little bit different Because now that
you know Um, it's getting more and more ripe. Those contracts are getting more and you know closer to the expiration All right, does it make sense? Good thumbs up All right And what happens what's the long-term impact of you not changing yourself with the changing market? The first point is um, you become rigid Right Right.I don't know. Um who here loves the google maps. Um The moment I sit in the car even if i'm going somewhere local our first thing I do is google maps Like put it on google Like because I just refuse to fucking sit in the um sit in the traffic I hate traffic I just don't want to be in the traffic right, so Even if even if i'm going let's like the kind of the same, you know same spot every day um I put in google maps why because it kind of Warns me about the traffic it helps me about if there's any crash I can tell if I can without being in the actual position um It's somebody who's rigid Like don't come to la that's it.That's why I like where I live Australia is better man. I'm telling you surely is better only 30 million people in whole australia. What the fuck Almost nobody here um so I don't know if um I'm sure you guys know somebody who's a little bit older a little bit older and that refuses to use google maps Just refuses to use google maps, right? They'll be making your phone call.Um, can you tell me how to actually get there? All right. Now you take this turn and you then you take get on this freeway and then you get on this or My father-in-law loves this shit my father. He loves fucking telling me how to get to a certain spot I'm, like hey, don't worry about it, man.I'm gonna put it on google maps anyway Or he'll give me a call how to get to a certain spot. Um He'll give me a call how to get to a certain spot and I'll tell him i'm like i'm sending you a link. Just click on this link.It'll open up as a google maps. Um Put it on your phone and you'll be good He refuses to do so why fucking rigid. Hey Fuck the technology sweet um To my place from their house, it's it used to It's about four hour drive, right and Not putting on google maps.It took him last time. It took him fucking seven seven and a half hours Why he was stuck in fucking traffic um And when he got here i'm like I told you should have fucking put on a google map Being rigid So having this having your old notions about the market, you know Oh this patient scanner used to work or this sucker strategy used to work Yeah, they used to work our job as a trader is to change and that's why I personally think the algorithms and stuff For our trading style will not work Right once you do it, they'll need constant updates. They'll need It's it is what it is, right? So and that leads to consistent consistent losses or underperforming is a better word All right Um, if you're always prepared for sunshine and everything man um You know what happens markets not all all fucking roses man Um Imagine you I have a friend of mine who um, he got lucky a couple times he got lucky in the um, crypto boom Um that we had 2020 And then he got lucky in 2021 with game shop All right, and then I think it was um the crypto um, you know, we had a we had a Push on these meme coins, um the crypto mean coins Um, what is it? What was the fucking names? the dog The dog was it fucking dogecoin on there
anyway This dude kept trying his luck.He kept trying his luck. He made a bunch of money Hey, he made a bunch of money. He kept pushing his luck um You know just never learning that.Okay I got I got lucky couple times sweet I had my enough fear of being lucky Like he got enough share of being lucky But he still tried to be even more luckier 2023. I think he lost most of his money Why just trying to play the fucking being lucky game? Doesn't work. It just doesn't work consistently If you ever get lucky in any trade win You know what you need to do put the fucking money in your bank Or you're gonna lose it in the market mark my words all right, so the best thing that you can do as a trader is What's happening now what's happening at this moment what's happening at this particular trade is the most important thing that you need to manage Which is a rule that I have my trading principle that I have I think everybody should have it Write it down.This is important Only thing that matters Is this trade at this time? That's it Just this if you can manage this particular trade. Well, you'll be around for next trade If you kept thinking about the next trade not not gonna work Whatever happened in the past trade doesn't fucking matter if you can manage this particular trade. You'll be good Right and that usually most of the time where things happen where you have taken a big loss in your trading There is something Let me know if i'm wrong There's something to do with the big loss something to do with you being too rigid you being Too stubborn you being um, you're not changing with the market, you're not selling at the stop loss You trying to play the bounces or reject Thinking the market can't keep going up whole day Um, there's something to do with you being you The losses You look back in your trading career.Imagine those days didn't actually were not actually there the amount of lost confidence The amount of lost opportunity Crazy, right? Everybody's on that. What does it just mean? Well, you guys are like man. I've never done that I have no idea what this man talking about I have no idea what this man fucking yapping about right It's always it's always us we get in the way of ourselves which is cool, but um, because you can learn something from it, but You keep repeating the same mistakes, then you lose all the money What's the fucking point of learning a lesson when you When it's too late No point, right? because um That leads to frustration that leads to frustration where You look at if you look at other people who started kind of trading same way as you And now you envy that why they're getting success and you know, or you think you deserve more Um, and then you get frustrated And when you get frustrated that leads to burnout Because you continue to face the same negative outcomes That leads to burnouts And it wears down a lot of traders right It's man trading is tough trading is tough because you you're in a constant battle with yourself Nobody like no system.No strategy. I can give you a strategy that works 98 percent of time All right, let's say that means out of 100 trades. You're going to work 98 times.There's two two trades that are not going to work But you have no idea when these two trades
are going to come It could be the first red trade could be Like after 98 wins, you have the first red trade and then the second red trade Right, let's say for example, but 98 wins Most of the people Will have this loss Right first red trade and they'll fuck up on the second one. They lose entire thing Because they feel like everything's personal This happens yo this happens This is why people who have been winning from weeks like you got you know There's so so many traders you do this you have a win streak of weeks and weeks But there's one bad trading day you lose it all how does people start taking shit personally It ain't personal but you're the person who's fucking it up so it is kind of personal Because you ain't ready for it But these are the long-term impacts. How do we fix this? Push point upgrade your software.What's up upgrading your software means i've given this example so many times now. Um, Who who have iphone by the way, who has an android what let me know in the chat iphone android I used to be the iphone fucking guy. I have an iphone, but I also have an android now Because I decided i'm not gonna be married to one motherfuckers So i'm learning fucking android it's a pain in the ass.But yeah um All right, iphone you guys know what I what makes iphone iphone continuous software updates That's what makes iphone iphone you know how um They they deliberately slow down their older phones They upgrade the software then slow down their older phones. So you buy the new ones Right. Why what do you think that is? Again, keep upgrading the software keep fixing it up.Keep doing whatever you think is the right thing to do right now right, which is like If something crashes, this is um This is one of those things your inputs You put all your inputs in Um to get a result inputs go into your systems right And that leads to your outputs Any feedback you get from outputs? She go back into the inputs Now people just have inputs to output now inputs go to system and outputs and feedback and back And at the same time this whole the whole thing happens while there's you know consistent solid environment Right imagine if you're in an environment where um Learning is because I was in an environment back in india where um Being too good in school was like Oh, yeah, he's like a bookworm or stuff, right? So you can't be too good in school or you know, I never thought of being too good in school Why it was like it was environment or um other things are like Um your environment kind of Makes you the person you are. So imagine if somebody's sitting in A i've seen this actually happen the day. I started moving, you know a day.I moved to a rich neighborhood I realized how much It has a positive impact initially has a negative impact. Oh my god now fuck this shit Because I when I moved it. I bro.I was like driving a normal car um, and I'm like looking at everyone like bro. These motherfuckers have like Like a normal car just to get errands. They have like a half a million dollar car.What the fuck is going on? And I mean it made me feel like shit for first probably month or two Um, but that helped me level up because my big numbers became small Why um, you know
when everybody's talking about our thing, oh just 10 grand just 10 grand like shit It must be just 10 grand And then you figure out a way how? What makes these people different and that's like you're upgrading your software and the only way to upgrade your software is to go through Go through some crashes in your system If the software needs it needs a upgrade If you don't know what crashes if you don't know what fucking you know, what plays up you can't upgrade Which is where I need you even in the morning every morning man, um Don't get married to one side. Don't be like oh spy looks good for the upside And downside should always be your fucking thing Which is why every single morning Every single morning. I want everybody to create a what-if scenarios here who here Been in the chat for a long time, but you haven't You have no idea about what-if scenarios If you're new, yeah, cool.That makes sense. But if you've been in a long long time in the chat And you do not create create what-if scenarios every morning Show us your fucking faces Show us your goddamn faces Send me in the chat if you do not do that, I refuse to believe that everybody does it I just refuse everyone All right, but i'll still fucking break it down. I know for a fact some some of you motherfuckers are full-on liars goddamn um All right, what if scenarios are simply is like when you look at the market? When you look at the levels or the charts on your um on on the screen Every single level you say, okay.What if 500 breaks? The next level is 501, right? What if 500 breaks and we get a nice patient scandal because 500 is a big dynamite level We're not gonna take a fucking breakout It breaks It pulls back. It gives me a nice patient scandal at the 500 mark I'm gonna go long First profit target would be 501 right what if 501 breaks we can head to 502 They're eventually gonna reject right what if 502 rejects All right, i'm gonna have my stop-loss at the break even anywhere That'd be cool What if 500 breaks? It came comes back to retest and everything looks cool But we close below 500 and doesn't look like a patient scandal. It looks like a super bearish setup All right, you know what i'll wait for a patient scandal towards the downside i'll jump in and trade for putsch Look at 499 I'll take some profits set my stop-loss at the break even what if it bounced at 499? I'll take my profit.It's like rehearsing in in your brain You know, I mean, it's like, you know going to that. Um, because when when I first approached my missus, but I She used to work across the road as a coffee at the coffee store Um as a barista and she used to start work 7 a.m in the morning wouldn't finish till five So I bro, I started drinking like 10 coffees a fucking day I'm just like Is she working like seven days? I'm working like seven days. I'm drinking like 10 coffees a day.I'm gonna i'm going nuts um And I used this is when I realized that what if scenario is important because I was I'm still trying to figure out how to trade but Um, I remember I was sitting in the back and i'm like i'm gonna go talk to this chick I'm gonna go talk to this chick. I'm gonna go talk to this chick, but I was like creating it What if scenarios in my head in my brain? I'm, like what if she says fuck off? And like what if she what if she just like plays cool and then it gets awkward what if she tells my fucking boss um because my boss told me he's like Um, I remember I did I had a guy who was my manager. His name was jeff.
Jeff told me he goes It will get very awkward um He said don't screw the crew he's like it'll get very awkward um And I was like, um, I don't know. I don't know if it'll get awkward or not But I was creating what if scenarios in my brain? I'm like, what if she fucking makes my coffee shit? What if you pour bleach in my fucking coffee the next time? I'm like fuck this shit. You don't know fucking fucking crazy.Um, but anyway, that was like what if scenarios in my brain, right? So And it turned out fucking all right it turned all right and That's what we do when when you need to talk to a chick or you need to talk to your boss about something you create What if scenarios? Or even when your missus asks you to Can you go get some fucking milk and other stuff for the home What do you do? She says three things and you keep repeating these three things into yourself, right? You're about to sit in the car. You're like I need milk detergent and this thing So you keep repeating the same shit over and over again. Why that's like creating the fucking thing So you you remember when you have to execute that's the same thing.What if scenarios? So you don't forget Getting your brain ready Right and then see what's working or what's not make a habit of reading your trade strategies regularly, right Check to fall in love with checklists man fall in love with checklists One of the best things you'll do There's actually a book called the checklist but um Instead of reading a fucking book. They're gonna go for six hours. I'm just gonna tell you what the fucking book is about, right? um book is about how doctors have back in the day to now The only difference that has been in the doctors.Um Is not the new strategies they have come up with is not the new medicine they have come up with It's just that they now use checklists Extensive checklists, that's it. So they don't they do not miss a step because of that just not using a checklist used to fucking cost them like Hundreds of thousands of fucking people a year Now that those debts are not happening because now they have a system Does it make sense Because people don't realize A lot of people don't realize I won't show you what actually is in the checklist, but i'll show you I'll show you this Look at this This is my checklist for Posting videos on youtube like nah, this first step is upload um is record video You see this That's only the first step Most of the people think and people go bro. How the fuck are you growing so fast? How did you get you were like 40 000 followers a month ago now you're 60 Checklist use the same thing every day.I don't rely on my guesswork Right, it's not just about recording editing posting not recording then there's like 30 different fucking steps that go with it Checklist, so use your checklist Review what's working what's not working? We but use your checklist every day and checklist just doesn't mean the trading checklist checklist means Have you done your brain dump for the fucking morning Right checklist means have you drawn your levels done? Have you focused on the fucking trend whole day? Yes After you're done trading now Did you follow your rules? Yes, right then be like every journal your trade. Yes was the one biggest strength What's the one biggest weakness done? Have you worked out? Yes, because you're going to become a better person overall. I know this sounds fucking cliche and And probably the big big chances that you're going to ignore it But please don't ignore the numbers where 95 percent traders make
money and five percent.Um, Five percent don't but these are not the actual numbers. You know the numbers, right? Five percent make money 95 percent don't I'm telling you what works You're going to become a better person overall and everything do To become a better trader and just the fact All right, and then talk to other traders man talk to the traders what's working what's not Why wouldn't you do that? I have um We have a whatsapp channel where we all um about I think about 17 17 or 18 of us um All all the blokes like 20 25 30 years old dudes from all over the world. Um Um The group was put together by jason capitol, I don't know if you know jason capitol, but jason was put together by jason capitol And um, jason himself has probably spent about 30 to 35 million dollars in last few years on advertisements on marketing right So he knows what works and all the other dudes they spend about easy every day about 50 to 100 grand a day on ads You know what, you know one thing that they do we all are from different like different realms different industries um, everyone shares If something's working with them, everyone shares in the in the chat That's it and probably there's i've made more money from that one single whatsapp group then I've made in my whole life altogether.Why? Why is it that I have to share? It just cuts the learning curve, I don't need to fucking go lose the money running fucking all these ads marketing campaigns and not working It's just oh shit's working or these six people have said it's fucking working last month You know what? Let me give it a shot. Oh little bit worked Then you then you pump Then you pump big numbers And i've seen like you guys are not using the chat the way the chat should be used I'll just consume. I'll just consume the data.I'll just consume everybody wants to consume. Nobody wants you if I can actually type a message See what I'm saying, so review your trades actively in the chat Tell everybody what's working recently. What's not working recently That's a fastest way to grow Because everybody's here goal is money, right? Everybody I'm sure everybody wants just like a bro.It's all about money Should be Nothing fucking matters. I promise you in the first person who kind of told me about this was Again this was again Jason it was Jason He you know he goes Because I always felt like it's just me But I was talking to him and he goes something he was like something about In an interview, he was doing if he was doing a podcast and I think the host said to him if you are bright now Man, you're so humble. Just stay humble and you you're gonna go long way, bro Just stay humble like I'm like, yeah, he's like god.I'll fucking I don't know. I hate when somebody fucking says our bro. Stay humble Shut the fuck up, bitch And like I yeah, I walked away he's like I walked out I just walked out of the episode I'm like shit Cuz It's always Somehow it's just like, you know now recently when I started flexing a little bit about my fucking car I never posted about my car and people started fucking telling me you stay humble What? Bro didn't get fucking lucky.I worked five fucking six years for this shit What? Motherfucker is texting me. Oh, bro. Stay humble.
Are you gonna get fucker or somebody gonna rob you? All right, take the fucking money. Take the car take everything every you can take everything, but you can't take the skill I'll make the fucking money back so Stay humble good. Oh, what the fuck does that fucking even mean? a B What is stay humble means? What is stay humble means Stay fucking bro.Stay humble. Motherfucker stay humble. I'll get fucked Can't deal with it anyway That's done.All right Don't get married do your setups Hey, whatever market does that's what's more important I'm sure even this point gonna hit home for you guys as well Going over over confidence in trading. What's over confidence? You know the feeling of being invincible I Oh my god. I I Used to be worse at this shit, man.It used to be worse at this shit I'll feel invincible even when I remember being a kid I'll play some video game and if I have some, you know, successful runs and I'll feel like I'm invincible And who did you remember the game what was a game called with a guy If I can eat a mushroom gets bigger fucking What's it? Super Mario, right? I remember fucking playing Mario playing the game on a video game when I was a kid and I felt so invincible and Hey, I think I ran my mouth in front of my dad Because I'm like, yeah, I'm the fucking guy And I was like probably 10 years old 12 years old I said something that I should not have said to my my dad My dad put me back in my place straight away. And yes, I'm from India in India. Yeah, you can fucking you'll get hit All right, if you say something your parents don't like you're gonna get smacked in the fucking face.Well so I Feel invincible after a few runs and then I I'll run my mouth or I'll go fucking punch my brother For fucking no reason and then my brother putting me back into a place It was just one of those things even in trading. I started doing this same shit as well I'll have six green days in a row and then seventh day. I lose it all this is dangerous because It's like keep driving fast up until you get because just because you haven't Gone a ticket or you haven't gone to accident Like fuck eventually and then die Which is which brings to this point? What is confidence over confidence? Psychological trap.That's what it is Right. Most of the traders do this They overestimate I think the word here is overestimation No over confidence, but it will the better word would be or estimate, right? It's a psychological trap that leads traders to overestimate their knowledge and they underestimate the risks and Yeah That's that's definitely better My confidence comes from overestimating the knowledge and under estimating the risk and also disregarding the amount of luck involved in the previous success I'm sorry Ron, but I'm gonna use your example if you're watching this later now Ron textured me goes, bro I made a bunch of money on SPX and I I was fucking flying Okay, sweet and now I fucked up because I'm expecting the same results on almost every single trade And he goes since the SPX trade a couple weeks ago. I haven't been the same trader since Anybody here knows what Ron was talking about? You're like man.I can feel you Ron. Don't worry. Hey, I can feel you Scott.
He's like absolutely like absolutely, but It's just because it's just because of You overestimate your knowledge and you feel like oh man Only if I can do this every day shit This is so easy this is so easy and You underestimate the risk and you take a big position size you disregard the amount of luck that was involved For your position for the SPX and eventually what happens any money that you make without being disciplined Eventually goes back in the market right which leads to what is What is what is risk management? We all know here, right? The art of protecting your money, but how are they to relate it risk management over confidence the more confidence you have Less You will be worried about the risk, which is a cool thing. Hey, it's a cool thing. I'm taking wrong.It's a cool thing But again, it kind of brings us back to the stay humble stay humble aspect Which I have moving forward. I have a point on this as well, right? It's just like fucking you know, no wearing a proper safety gear just because you think you won't fucking fall On a skateboard, let's say fucking whatever Right, um, I can't stand the fucking grown man fucking being on a skateboard. Oh fucking hate it I hate if I see on the side of the road a fucking grown- ass fucking man on a skateboard Oh, no, I want to get off and throw him off the fucking skateboard Like god damn get a car you bum But anyway These two words simply related because more confident you get but there's a very thin line where Like that's me It's like more confidence you get more what happens is there's a point where I'm in a trading That comes confidence comes from consistent gains and write this down confidence comes from consistent gains All right Over confidence comes from unconsistent gains right Consistent gains are like 100 120 and a 50 70 minus 50 but overall on a bigger picture your equity curve look like this right But over confidence comes from inconsistent gains where your equity curve kind of looks like this.All right big losses big winners The big winners usually happen because you just refuse to sell and I see people fucking get so happy Bro lucky I didn't sell because now I'm up fucking hundred percent. I'm just like oh Wait, that's it. These people done Like it's finished Not so much KCU KCU students, you know, hardly they ever mention it because they know how I'm gonna react to it But mostly people in the lodge in the discord, hey, oh lucky I didn't sell Like nah Eventually, you're gonna give this money back to the rich people anywhere To the market.I was I remember 2020. This was 2021 early 2021. I was worried about You know all this I'm not worried, but I was like upset about you know, having You know government printing so much money and I was talking to my accountant my accountant like Oh, he's an old fucking 70 plus Greek dude, he knows fucking ins and outs Right.I was talking to him. I'm like, man. I'm so fucking pleased like why I'm like government's fucking giving out free money from last one year, I Don't fucking get nothing.Hey, I'm not getting shit like oh yeah, cuz you make too much money I'm like But I'm paying for these people like You know, he told me once he kind of pulled out some, you know charts and graphs and he was like talking about this shit goes What do these people do? I'm like this they
spend the money. He's like, yeah, you can say they spend the money. What else to do? like this save When they say what is it? What happens? The banks take their money because they saved banks take their money.What do banks do? banks invest Yeah So when banks invest where do they invest the top hundred companies top 200 companies top 500 companies? Yeah, and The other side of the people who spend what do they spend it on? Whatever the need and eventually the food chain the whole thing is structured in a way Eventually the money goes to the big corporations again either side be you save it be you spend it Where's the money going The people at the top and I'm like, oh Shit. Yeah You like so shut up and fucking just invest all the money in this fucking big companies and that's all you need to do More government prints the money more better. It's gonna be for you.Stop stressing Like but everybody from like everybody on the Internet's like all this is happening. This is everything like that's why he goes That's why you should delete that shit off your fucking phone. He's like old school, right? Hey, that's why you should delete that shit off your phone like, huh That made me realize It's not about you spending isn't even if you save the money You know your 401k, I think you guys call it 401ks.We call it the super fund The money when she goes back where it belongs That's why the companies were able to you know, go from a trillion dollar company to three trillion Where did the money come from? right it's just this whole cycle goes and repeat over and over and over again, which is insane, but the reason why I'm talking I'm telling you all this is very solid reason about When you're investing or when you're trading I want you to trade for a bigger purpose like There's only one. There's only a few people that are getting rich Even if they lose money for a little bit Eventually, you know what happens all the money is coming back to these people again and again over and over again Over and over again all these people like we're losing money. What are they doing or they make big chunk of money? They get lucky.They make big chunk of money. What happens? But eventually the money is coming to the top 5% of the traders It's just the law it's just how the game works Now it's your choice where you want to position yourself If you follow a system, yeah right now the money is not big enough, but it's just in due time Don't you I don't just I'm not just saying it man. I mean it everybody who's in case you right now And I'm Actually, man, you know, I'm not a people please I'm not fucking trying to you know, please you or whatever you know, you made a good choice, but I'm telling you the only difference between you being here and you Going to the next getting to the next level whatever you have in your life.It's time That's it That's only difference. The only thing the bridge between you two things a time You want to jump this bridge, which doesn't fucking work You have time time All right, the examples of this mistake Which one is? Big position size after a few minutes. Well, we all have done it There's no not even explanation to this we all know what I'm talking about right, but you need right skills you need preparation and But still there are some you know, you you can
have proper skill proper education proper preparation for the day There's still chances of you losing and that's called, you know, that's why we have risk management, but still there's some chances if you're If your position size is 10,000 and you stand to lose 10% that's thousand bucks But just add another zero Not another zero bigger position size doesn't mean trading becomes easy It's just are you prepared to lose a fucking hundred thousand if you have a million dollar position size It's the same numbers All right, that's why it gets so emotional.That's why people go You know when they're sizing up I'm sure you have tried this in the past where you try to size up yourself and it failed significantly We like our men are gonna size up. I've been winning. I'm gonna size up now.It's a time I know what I'm doing and you size up and then you fall back. The only reason is you fall back because Mentally, you're not ready and which is why I personally think sizing up yourself will never work Don't try to size up Not your confidence will grow over time and you will eventually start sizing up without even realizing it So taking a let's say taking a trade with you know, 300 times three, which is like a thousand opposition size That's your right and next day The next day, you know, the the contracts are trading at 400 whatever you do three contracts now position size went to 1200 You didn't even realize it but you're winning in it, you know, you're winning your confidence is up But that's a 20% bump in a position size You didn't even realize it. That's how you're able to position size heavy But when you focus on actually, let me do $1,200 position size instead of thousand you'll be staring at the P&L number And you'll be sitting on the right at the corner of the edge Watching the charts like fucking you some maniac Which doesn't work Like a little pullback you're like, oh my god my life so shit, right? So get rid of your P&L of your charts and stop trying to Size up yourself.Let the focus on consistency chain What's the last one? I'll see if if you guys know Consistency chain confidence, right? My CCC framework That's it over time your position size is gonna go up I don't think I remember fuck if I have to think about it. I don't remember how my position size got to this stage That's the best way to get to it. That's why I still feel okay I'm sure you guys have seen me my position size.Sometimes I'm like, ah, man. I'm only in a thousand opposition size When I'm trading live Anybody ever heard me say I only have like 15 a position size only have like a small position size That's why I feel okay with this extreme and with 50,000 position size as well Because it happened because this happened automatically for me this position size didn't get here by me trying super I it happened automatically because my confidence kept up kept going higher So I feel like okay. This is cool, dude.This is cool to you. Whatever I Got slowly started getting detached from this To me if I take good trade money's just gonna follow and it's just a fucking fact I don't know if you understand this or not Money just gonna follow right now because you haven't seen you know Probably right now because you haven't seen so much success or whatever. So When I say this, I'm probably talking fucking Chinese to you But I promise you You follow you focus on the system
money eventually follows so that's why and Also when you you know, you're not gonna lie when you equity curve Yeah, when your net worth goes up money just becomes a number and When it just becomes a number, you're not really stressed about money no more.Yeah, when you're not stressed about money It's cool now you're taking a trade because of the trade not because of the money Yeah back when fucking I had no I had bills to pay fuck I took trade to make the money man not gonna lie and it didn't work. It didn't work Right, so you had to eat had to be a slow journey The next one jumping into trade after win without a proper setup, I'm sure you have done this you just came out of a beautiful winner or a Even a loser whatever and you jumped into next rate straight away Just because Why not? If you trade if you trade based on past successes man, which is why I personally think this trade is the most important trade in the world trading off your past Success is like thinking, you know, the future holds. It just doesn't fucking work It's just on long on a bigger scale.Just not gonna work The last trade was important, but now it's important the next one. The only only fix of all this all right is Focus on the trade now if you have had a big loss the previous trade you can't focus on this particular trade Don't fucking trade walk away What's a rush You talk about fucking you want to trade for us if your life, but you trade like it's your last trading day What it don't make sense Yeah, I think it's Probably one of the most important things that I've learned in my life to walk away You know how when I'm trading and I just done my broker off It's probably the most important thing that I've learned in my life to turn my broker off When when what do you do when you get frustrated? Let me know. Let me know the chat.What do you do when you get frustrated in the market? Don't tell me I'll break my keyboard. I'll break a hit Hey, hey, I Used to break it break the keyboard fuck good guys go smoke that works to you Over time I've trained my brain the moment I guess I'm getting frustrated on The moment the trades like fucking annoying me at this stage Because I have taken so many losses because of not following this man My straightaway reaction kind of my brain reaction goes if this is my attractor brokers I'm like, I'm out done. That's it.That's my reaction like I'm out of here. I turn my broker off straight away And once my broker is off it has protected me not from lose just losing money, but losing confident Protecting me from losing confidence Also, I'm helping maintain my relationships a little bit better because Moment I'm I'm the moment. I'm angry.Guess what? my missus say something I Reply in a little bit, you know, not so nice tone. What happens? She's fucking don't know. I just took a loss She replies back then we fucking this back and forth then I'm fucking going and I have to sleep in a fucking spare room Then I have to sleep in the spare room and then I'm like, oh fuck man, it's cold here and that's that's life Right, so It just doesn't work So this trade this person this trade right now is the most important trade whatever happened in the past if that wouldn't let you focus on the next one, please walk away and if The previous trade was him, you know, we know sweet and if it's a too big of a win too big of a loss You need to walk away Even if it's too big of a win walk away All right If it's a
normal trade sweet focus on the next trade any trade that makes you focus on the next trade Focus on the next trade.If not walk away All right, if you don't do the long-term impact is Your loss will stop hurting you the loss doesn't hurt you anymore Imagine when you lose five six figures in the market the loss stop hurting you any moment It's just like oh, yeah another loss man. Oh another loss. That's the worst spot that you want to be in Where when you lose money and you're like, yeah another lot who gives a fuck? Because you have lost so much money now Now money isn't you know, it doesn't hurt you no more worst spot now fuck and the second one is increased risk- taking and That's only over confidence man, it leads you to take big position size big risks and regardless of you betting You don't even realize that you can't afford to lose this money because you're not even worried about fucking losing you think you're gonna win and The moment you just think that you're gonna win You fall you fall hard Because you're not prepared for the fucking downside And the third point is it gives you a big potential to just go fucking broke and I've seen a lot of people go broke.I'm sure you guys know some people who used to be in the chat in the lodge They're not around anymore they're in Brock I'm sure you guys know the dude. I won't mention his name, but Started waiting is for 1k And I told him I'm like Roy you were thinking fucking shit don't touch the money that you can't afford to lose right I'm being me He thought I'm fucking hey, I'm I'm getting in his way of success somehow Right crazy. He lost all his retirement money and he's 50 plus We've lost all his retirement money refinance his house lost all the money and I Kicked him out of the chat because yeah, and I kicked him out keeping it real because um His you know now he's lost everything and the kids fucking car go to school Oh, they can't go to school the missus don't want to be with him because he's a fucking gambler Do you blame the wife? Do you blame the wife? Let me know the chat.I want to actually see what's your take on it. Do you blame the wife? I don't fucking blame her for a second. No He goes man.My wife wouldn't wouldn't support me. I'm like, bro Like man, if I was your wife, I'll fucking got you God damn Um, it's It's crazy, it's crazy like I and the dude had to go and he's like can I join kiss you I'm like no fucking way And you're a bad example for everybody no way and you are done Big potential to go broke his financial future as well, right? I got to be to do boys. I think 19 and 15 I think he was oh, yeah two boys You from that yeah you you set them up for life fuck you should be proud Hey But it's just just the fact man.You gotta fucking do what's working and stop doing what's not working Which leads to the last point lose the money which you could have used to make future amazing Just because of all confidence The opportunity cost you know, it's opportunity cost. That's what it is Right steps to take right now if you go through this shit over confidence This is what you need to do anytime you're going through overconfidence phase where you're like, oh my god I don't know what to fucking do now. I'm winning too big Come back to this video and this is what you need to do
And go over your journals and find patterns what happened the last time and we you're super confident Overconfident I'm sure in our trading career everyone been at one stage or the other everyone has been confident, right? Overconfident we know what happens but go over your journals try to relive the moments.All right, and Second one is Be humble. Now. I just told you guys fucking stopping humble But now tell you the story.All right, I'm sure some people might know the story, but I made a bunch of money at this point, right and I'm just a young kid I'm young kid fucking have a bunch of money in my pocket and I'm just thinking I'm I fucking run this world Because I had a little confidence at this point, right? Sitting at a bar And I think it was some game It was some game on like we had some game that was playing on the TV And this dude was in the middle. I don't know what exactly happened. We were me and my mate who was sitting down And there's a busy bar.You know the busy bar, right? Hey who here knows this story? Let me know if you know the story. I'm sure I'm sure somebody's here. But anyway I don't My one my mate said to this guy's like, ah, can you Probably move to this side so we can watch the game Because he's in the way and he just said I'm leaving soon.Don't worry. He didn't move and you know What happens to a fucking young brown dude in a fucking new country who have a bunch of money? You just think you were the fucking king Right, and he was a little bit bald. So And you know, I was not I'm not the fucking nicest person I don't know.I'll say the wrong thing at the wrong time and I said hey, I called him a toe-headed, dude I'm like a toehead fucking move Let us watch the fucking game. He didn't say much and he's like you don't want to me He didn't say much but he got he got really pissed. He didn't move I said, you know a couple things again fucking over but there was a little bit back and forth And that was it and he was he was like kind of ignoring me at this point But I'm thinking the fuck, you know who I am.Fuck. Hey, I was like fucking not even rich rich at this point But I'm still like thinking I'm like, you know, I probably was like six seven maybe seven figures early seven figures If he in a busy bar and this dude pulled a fucking gun on my head, right like on my head like full-on, he's like Say one more fucking time I'm gonna blow your brain out And I made so like oh Dude, yeah, I'm sorry bro. Yeah, whatever the dude walked away.He didn't fucking kill me, right? It didn't kill me. Sorry But the dude who can pull out a gun in a busy bar with the cameras everywhere. He's not scared to fucking shoot You know that right? And I was like my brain was like at this point my feet were going cold, I'm like 21 at this point, right My my feet are going cold and I'm like, whatever.I had a few drinks and everyone everything gone I'm like, I'm not drunk anymore. I'm like what
the fuck is going on. I Didn't want to watch the game anymore.I just was like I was like shocked right at this stage I went in the bathroom Went in the bathroom looked at myself in the mirror. You know, the only thing that I could see there was actually a Mark or like a fucking circle on my head like from him pressing on the the barrel of a gun That made me realize something very very important. You have no fucking idea who you're messing with You have zero clues who you are messing with the dude looked like he couldn't fucking even punch me Right, but I was so overconfident at this point.I'm like Well, I'm the king the fuck But he would have fucking fixed me up in fraction of a second There's about 50 people in this bar There's about cameras everywhere. There's security, but nobody's in the fucking way because it's here And I learned a very important lesson that day. Keep your shit to yourself and All confidence can kill you in a minute and I'm glad I did Without dying I'd learn the lesson.All right, so be humble kind of be humble. Stick around it Remember that every every trader no matter how skilled can face losses and it's just like remembering that, you know Sometimes it's even the best players have Some off days, I know everybody feels 100% all the time, right? which leads to the last second last focus on risk management protection Reinforce your trading plan, especially your risk management protocols kind of the trade that you're taking right now just No way your stop losses That's only thing that matters. No way your stop losses All right How much you stand to lose? Anything we all know that, you know, whatever we do.We can't try to protect ourselves worst case scenario It's like getting you know, I think I've mentioned this example in the past as well Me getting bulletproof doors and everything in this house the windows everything everything's bulletproof. Why? Hopefully I never need to fucking use it ever right Hopefully I never have to fucking go through a stage where I have to use any of these things or test Or even test if this shit works That's the whole point But that's still risk management for me to get everything in my house bulletproof, it's just protection Even though hopefully you never need to fucking use it same thing goes for your trading as well Hopefully you never need to fucking have a stop-loss break gonna happen but Still have a stop-loss. Is it making sense? Let me know in the chat Last point is keep your head down.Keep hustling. You think you're a big shot? Let me tell you a little story right a couple days ago. I had my biggest biggest Day in my normal trading the biggest day in my other businesses other than trading, right? We did about $500,000 in revenue in a day within 24-hour period Which is not for me.It's not because it's Because it was always like, you know, one of those things. Oh, you know when I have a business online, whatever And that was I think I was just telling this story in the chat as well in the discord chat as well and And I told one of my mates, you know what I do you tell one of your rich friends, right just just why not He showed me he gave me his phone he's like I just crawl and just call that's a bank notifications just crawl I was crawling For five let me see if I have Kind of a you know what I did. I was fucking recording him in my for my phone.
I cannot record this shit He's like, yeah, fuck what the fuck Is a this shit was motivation for me because there was like about he does about a million a day normal day on the big construction company and That was motivation no for me. Let me see if I can find it. I have fucking gone.But anyway, you get my point, right? And that was okay keep your head down keep hustling because there's There's bigger dudes bigger than you out there Don't worry. The game's not over yet Learn and recognize the markets changing and what worked yesterday might not work tomorrow. All right Actually, let's go with some Q&A man Let me know if you just unmute yourself let's go some Q&A I don't know if this was helpful man But this was important because I've been seeing some people in the chat fucking taking losses because they're married to the older setups So I had to talk about this couldn't wait No questions bro You guys serious? That's it.We're not doing any more off. I Have a question for me. Hello, finally finally somebody have any questions.Hello Yeah, so we talk about losses and I have seen you you had a Red Street to be slack And now you're going to a green street How you what how you protect yourself from the red street of mental health confidence How you believe yourself that this will work out again? I've gone through so many red red streaks. I know the only thing that I need in my red streaks is one green day So I call anything that is a red streak if I have a red week not a red day But a red week you have a red week. I'm in a red streak Because I hardly I get five chances in a week to make it right Right, and if I can't All right something I need to be worried about I Had a three or four weeks that I was just couldn't fucking fix it.It was just mentally I was like getting to a stage where I couldn't fix it. I think I haven't made a video about this We have done a session about this right where I'm like feeling like I'm not worth it And that was just because of mentally this is actual training. I don't know exactly a anybody knows what training it is There's a training where I broke down I feel like you know, I feel like I'm giving everybody it wise But if I can I have no idea how to control my trading at this point But you know what? I've helped after three or four weeks of being red The only thing they helped was one green day one little green day Yeah, it was emergency call one green day.I had one green day. It was Not actually no Monday I had Basically, I didn't trade couple days in a week just so I could close it close the week green So I had one green week and I came back to the game It's just about cutting the floor To Because my red streak was going to a point where I was like not losing a lot of money I made them same whatever I lost in three or four weeks. I made it back in a week It was hurting my confidence, especially because It was hurting me mentally Personally was hurting me mentally because I'm like, oh my god, man Other people are fucking hopping on the calls you fucking listen to what I have to say and the fuck I do not know how to trade is ain't me anymore I'm like people bro People are asking me for advice online How can I give him advice if I'm fucking not making money? and I felt like I felt like fucking some being some fraud if that makes sense.
I'm like morally I was like man, this doesn't make sense And that was hurting me mentally more than my trading Right, but then I had to let it off my chest Which is why I was like I hopped on a call emergency call. I'm like everybody's on the call. I'm like look guys.I Feel like a fucking fraud because last three or four weeks have been read once I let it off my chest next week I had a small green week and then I was back in the game. So figure out what's actually getting in the way me it was only thing that was getting in the way was sorry was me feeling like shit because I'm like other people are paying me money to learn from me and I can't be fucking profitable. What the fuck Doesn't make sense.How you and yes, and how you keep yourself grounded when you make so much of money No, it's because I know it's nothing It's not numbers numbers get become small Ten thousand for me as what used to be thousand dollars back in the day. So numbers it becomes for Probably because I started hanging around with people who you know Because a who here remember it. Oh, I don't know I don't know if you guys know but back in the day my only Only goal was to make her around a year Then I hanged around started hanging out with people who make on the ground a month Like shit, this is crazy.And now I've been doing from last few years. I've been doing on the ground a month on average And Now I'm hanging out with people who make an aggrandite day so Numbers become small. So you stay grounded because you're like, oh man, I'm mr. Nobody still And I need one person that right now You you I feel like I know you have other business but I feel like you are full-time trader like Give everything to trade you sit my chart on Sunday.You sit for the pre-market your market levels every day You read everything needed for trading next day But I feel like I fall behind that I feel like I don't give everything Able to give all the time for the trading. I feel like journal will take another half an hour If I say for free market, I'll take another one hour and I for trading I only have one and a half hour. I feel like this lack of time to invest.That's a lot of fucking time Yo, that's a lot of time Pre market takes 10 minutes, you know, the only pre-market work that I put in I'm gonna lie is when I actually record the video. That's my pre-market work When I record the video every single day breaking down my levels, that's my pre-market work. That's it So it takes me 10 minutes.It doesn't take take you an hour 10 minutes Trading for our hour and half journaling takes you about 20 minutes. You stop journaling all your trades Journal your best trade of the day. Generally worst trade of the day.That's it. Anything in the middle is nothing actually there to fucking teach you See low quality trades and you're trying to learn something from those not every trade gonna teach you something So your best trade and your worst rate 20 minutes get out of there done So my goal I if I spend any more than two hours a day trading, it's not worth my time keeping a real Five days a week two hours. That's ten hours a week I'll make more money if I focus ten hours a
week on my existing businesses that I have So I don't want to give any more than two hours a day Don't have thank you, but looking at you I said like you're giving all the time.Yeah Yeah, I make it I make a It's just because it is so ingrained in the system. It might look like I Probably am a little bit more effective and efficient You might have to spend three hours to get the stuff done that I can do and do It's just because I've been doing the same things over and over again I've gone better at doing the same things over and over again. It makes sense So it's just probably there, you know, if you try the same thing it's probably gonna take you a little bit longer and The end goal is are you making money? Are you profitable? Would you? Yes, then what the fuck is the worry you in top 3% of traders anywhere I Feel I get scared like one day I lose it No, it's it's called imposter syndrome where you're like, oh my god, maybe I'm not good enough to fucking have it.No, you're doing good you're doing good be proud of yourself and What I was working and something I feel like I'm not pushing like I'm not When above my position size that I'm stuck with five hundred dollars a day That's it. You could bro No No, it's different I love these problems I love these problems because I sometimes feel like I'm not pushing as well I feel like I do not wanna Somebody asked me some question. I don't want to fucking answer it because I feel like I'm not the Right guy because last one week.I haven't been working. I went to this day if I do not put 16 hours a day I just feel like I'm not I feel guilty about it. If that makes sense right, I Feel guilty for not putting in work.The only thing that helps is Look at your bank account. That's it That's a motivation for me every day. I Look on my bank.I look at my portfolio. I'm like, all right. Hey, you're doing.All right, you're doing. All right, let's go Let's fucking go So look at being Canada creating account You feel good even I make money I feel bad of losing trade like last week you he was treating so high and to give you Is my favorite and I didn't enter I didn't On any money on it and I felt so bad right Eventually you'll stop feeling bad Eventually you become cold-hearted I'm eventually it happens slowly. The whole thing happens slowly.How long you been trading so far two months God dang and you profitable, right? Yes, and you started with K Kepler's University, right? Yes There you go And concentrating was with you only I think that was not I still remember that tweet. I need that big $200 Hey, okay, everybody who just joined KCU listen the fucking short just two months and fucking profitable, right? All right, that's a flex for me now only the only thing that I'm gonna say here is You only trading couple months. So you pretty much still a newbie, but you fucking making money Which is better than most of the traders that been trading for a long time right other thing is You can learn a lot about about yourself moving forward don't stress give yourself time You haven't gone through enough market cycles yet Yes, haven't haven't seen the big loss yet haven't been big wins yet you want I don't think you'll see big big loss If you keep falling what case you tell you to follow I
don't think you will space a big loss if you sell don't let emotions take over But when I say you will learn a lot by yourself, I don't mean big loss I mean is Market cycles like they will be Moving forward there will be weeks where we stay choppy Right, for example weeks we stay choppy weeks.We stay downtrend weeks. We stay uptrend We just gotta find they're gonna be days where you're gonna miss everything would you Because you're gonna miss like what you feeling bad about Kiki use they're gonna be there you miss everything They're gonna be days where you catch everything and this probably a little bit motivation for y'all My biggest day my biggest I have spoken about this a few times With everybody. This is my biggest profit day.I'd hardly ever share it, but it's a perfect time because I'll motivate the fuck out of you It takes time Give time time that was my biggest day That's much money. I don't have in bank That's not a grant at one stage on this day. I was up more than a million Now it's it's only it's what the days that you catch everything that'll be that Those are those days, but not gonna be always make sense.So you got it. You're good Hey Shumesh What's up, bro? This is this is a myth. So quick question earlier like you mentioned I do understand you know survival of the fittest So obviously things you all market changes I was looking at the patient scandal.I think I understood the reasoning or logic or I guess the Financial analysis or whatnot behind it. Do you think? That may go away because obviously there's there's always gonna be pullback in any direction and patient Candle seems to be based off of that pullback So Doesn't matter what changes or however much market change you think that may go away now only thing that not definitely not because It's price action as long as we have candlestick charts As long as we have participants in the market as long as we have people who want to take some profits in the market gives us a red candle As long as the structure stays the same this will stay the strategies will change but the systems won't and this is systems And then so earlier so I I've been trading for a while. It's just I wasn't profitable.I tried your system It started working, but then I tried back my old stuff. It didn't work. So my biggest problem I'm currently having is to wait for the patient scandal every time I wait for it and I Implement what I learned from K. K capitals it works, but if I try other things don't work, so it's clear that it's working But But every I'm still kind of struggling in the sense that I Do understand I generally just to be on a safer side.I try to get out at 15% 20% or 25% So I caught that Microsoft on Friday But at the right after did qqq It made sense but I think So I wasn't that's when I got greedy or got confused on when to get out and it just dropped instantly and I basically lost everything that I put in so so to be on a safer side like more than 60% I try to get out at 25 or 20-ish is do you think that's an average okay to do or Because I also I also have this indicator that's called like that volume profile indicator there. I I have on the chart it helps me Kind of judge where the market is going But at the same time it kind of confuses me, too It's not really a question. I don't know how to ask is it
in a question form? But anything that you anything that I do not break down in case you're not gonna work ever If it's not in K capital University, you're not gonna work doesn't matter how hard you try 25% gains you want to book, you know, I'm gonna work over longer longer period of time.You will become unprofitable Because Patient scandal only works on a bigger timescale because we let our runners run That is the only reason why people get paid from patient scandals It's not about taking the force 50% off It's about the remainder of the 50% that we have break-even that we let run that we let running Even if you change anything in the system from entry exit risk management profit-taking profit-taking strategies Risk money are lost taking strategies to change choosing what? Contracts to having the bell curve the CCC framework anything if you change from KCU, you know, I'm gonna look Let's do it. Yeah, I kind of felt that but just want to ask that's all yeah You even use it even this volume profile. What the fuck is this shit, man? Get get off your charts I've used it in the past doesn't work.It does not work. It's It's it's noise on your charts. It you're gonna be biased again you know, you will be biased about all this can happen that happen and You know, everybody around you is not using it like in the case you said no, you can't talk about that to anybody and You'll be just cleaner the solo guy if I can trying to make it work and it doesn't work You know what to do.Hey, I'm it. You know what to do And let's turn it. I just yeah, thanks.Yeah, no Just follow the KC you man nothing else because I smash could you go with the patient's candles? I think we have a kick-off called More right kick-off call Monday. Yeah, we'll go with that shit, man. We'll go over everything.Don't stress We'll go over. Yo, I got a quick question real quick. It was everybody So I'm kind of like I've been with KC you for like two two months already and I've I like I've been stuck bro like between and I Mean you kind of touched up on this earlier when you were going through everything is like I'm stuck between sizing up or and Just like sticking to the CCC because that's kind of where I've been leaning towards more You know like I was just kind of like we're trying to see what's more in your input shit And I think you probably think you pretty much answer earlier is like stick to the CCC and you'll end up Sizing up eventually, right because I started Um, I kind of said earlier in the week to I just mean between making Megan and losing 50 bucks so it's like um My confidence is not intact.I mean, I mean what was not a messed up because I've you know, like been able to Stick to the system everything and I just make it right back but So, you know, like I like what I have this point where I make it back and I just lose it So I just kind of been back and forth. I don't know what kind of be like your your take on that So when you lose it, why do you lose it? Is it because just because a patient handles? No, I I think I just lose it Yeah Because also to like on my end and I kind of I'm starting to recognize it Sometimes I I do so too early or I end up just like kind of getting out Before it fully still hits the full stop-loss So it'll probably start touching it and then I'm like, I'm gonna get out fucking and then it just ends up kind of like So, you know, in other
words, we can say it's fear fear of lose. Yeah Yeah Just because I mean from the past like when I started trying to do this shit myself I was I like I was one of those fucking trading on FOMC, you know trying to catch that big ass move and shit All right.Let me tell you something. All right the version that you are now And I'm being super real all right, I'm trying to fucking look in your eyes fucking I know this camera is a bit fucked but The version that you are today you can trust this version of yourself You're not the same person that fucking joined KCU you're the different person now You're not the same person who took big risks on FOMC and shit The version you are today man. It's a better version like this it's not the same dude and Because you've got hurt so many times fucking back in the day doing all the dumb shit You kind of you kind of a little bit fucking scared of yourself a little bit and that's where the fear is coming from All right, I'm telling you if you placed a bet on yourself Back in the day when you had no idea how to trade the FOMC and all sort of weird shit.He said This dude the you talking to today now like I'm talking to this dude knows a little bit how to trade knows what to fucking Do knows what's the right thing to do can recognize the rights versus wrongs? You can put your trust in yourself, man If you say this is a level that I have if you say this is where I'm gonna get out That's a dude you can trust It's not the same person just recognize it and even you know that you're not the same person No, yeah, not definitely because it's like I mean it Back then it was to a point where I was I would get a little reckless I won't let my whole shit get blown But I was just kind of like I would jump in a little more like fuck it like, okay I'll make this back to my job or whatever, but you know my other income but it's like now I like I'm really taking into that more like into perspective of protecting like my money because it's I'm trying to be really disciplined as I this is the money that I'm just gonna use for trading and that's that like I'm not Gonna I don't know like I feel this feeling cuz it's like If I lose those 50 bucks, okay, whatever I could just make it back from my other income or whatever But I feel like it's a little more I Don't know if I say personal but it's like If I lost it lose it to the market I want to get it back from the market But I want to get it back properly by using the system and like sticking to the rules and all that Right. Well again Give a job, right? Yeah. Yeah, I Help mom.I do like a little detailing and like landscaping Okay Cuz the only thing that I'm gonna say man is anything that's not in case you don't do it Yeah, in case you I'm not talking about. Oh, you have to get the money back from the market. No.Yeah. Yeah. Don't do it don't have a mindset of how can I get the money back from the market because Keeping it real.All right. Let me see if I fucking any money in my pocket. No, I don't I Anybody who have any money in the pocket just or even you right? Grab a dollar bill and light it on fire And when he's gone Every every single bill has a fucking number on it, right? That particular bill is gone.You will make a lot more dollars But that person that one fucking bill with a number on it. It's gone forever You're gonna find peace with it If you kept chasing you'll make more but you'll
never be fucking happy Why because you lost you you're not able to bring that fucking number back You see them saying That number is gone. You'll make a lot more man fucking to You lost it sweet no problem that money's gone and not coming back It got burned.All right, you'll make a lot more But for that fucking stop thinking like I'm gonna make the market back money back from the market even with following all the rules Just focus on this one trade at a time fuck money money is gonna happen automatically. I'm telling you money gonna happen Focus on this one trade Jim's in and if you have to fucking a even from your day job if you have to add fucking 2,000 don't guess just don't be rigid. That's all I'm saying If you're like man, I'm fucking doing well All right, only if I had a little bit more a little bit more money in my account man I'll have like a couple more trades in a day, and I'm trading really well Take it fucking bet on yourself.You don't send the only person who knows Yes, my iPad says Don't lie to yourself. All right, it's always said they always said that don't lie to yourself Don't lie to yourself and just be honest. Have you followed all the rules? Have you done everything that you should be doing you should have done if yes, bro, take it back on yourself Make sense That's it Because the only bets that I took on myself has been paid off Really really well the bets that I took on other people didn't work the bets that I took on stocks fucking didn't work Yeah, well, but you know, you know my point The only bets that I took on myself folks So I bet on myself every single day every single time and that's the position that you want to be in So baby on yourself, man, you got this Got it, bro.Thank you. Appreciate it. No good, bro.Hi guys. We're gonna take a photo man Don't turn your beautiful faces on come on. We need a photo.I need I mean they're fucking light I need a light you see now. I look sexy God damn you all have webcams, but you choose not to turn them on Jesus. Well fucking no, bro All right.Let's go. Come on Casey. Let's go And there are people who are not smiling bros.You can smile. It doesn't text I'm an appreciate you. Let's fucking go All right guys, I'll see you guys later and Everybody who's kick-off calls tomorrow.I'll see you guys on the kick-off call. Let's fucking go make some money You guys got this. Alright, let's get it
cpq5fkrl4d8s72rebqo0All right, what is going on everybody hope you guys having the best of your entire life in this video we're going to break down the interactive brokers The tutorial the market's open. So I feel like the best time to do it. All right, so let's break it down.Shall we? Yes times now first things first Yes, you cannot see my Account number and everything. It must be all blocked by now by my video editing team and share That's all good. This is a new trading new trading Account that I set up for this put few hundred bucks in it Just so I can show you how to actually how this whole thing actually works.Sweet So the first thing that you need to do when you log in You need to click this plus button just put a Test and when you create it, it will open up like this. I'll show you Or test Create it look like this. All right, then what do you do is you go to the new window? you go Just search here option Trader You bring option trader then you go to the new window again you search trades Okay, just trades.Um, it should come up as not trades my bad um Hang on let's find out together. It's been a while that I haven't set it up What where the fuck did he go Advanced tools. No, we do not need this is a trades thing that we need but where the fuck is it going? Is there order we also need auto entry so we bring that in and then we need I think it's called quote details.I think so not the core details my bad All right. Let's get rid of this core details Yes new window again Auto entry portfolio watchlist core details trade history alerts market alerts Not alert no All right new window again Chart auto management time and sales Nothing calendar daily Um, my bad man, this might might be annoying. I might actually pause the video for a minute All right figured out new window you go here and you search literally you search orders Okay, when you search orders under order it will open up like this order management you go select orders Okay You add this then you go plus trades Plus whatever you need, but this is what I like trades.All right now time to set it up move this a little bit lower Done just so you can see it trades come underneath this Just again so you see it Sweet And then comes option trader Bring it down a little bit Now there's another tutorial on how to set this up actually so you go watch that if you need to set it up But this is what it will kind of look like. Okay now Click this lock icon right here. You click it save changes Sweet this is all done well set up ready to go The first thing that you need to do after you do this is unchain everything.So click here No group Okay You click here. No group Settings And unlock let me just uh All right, sweet this is Good lock again save changes Everything is unchanged this one unchain as well. Even this one you can unchain everything unchanged Sweet, that's number one now to in order for you to execute now to add more Just go right click on the code panel.You can add Let's say spy will add spy We'll try to execute the trade Now spy right here Sweet
spy will load up All right. Now i'll try to execute this trade at 552 Calls right now. There's two ways to execute this trade number one You can just press your hotkey the hotkey setup in another video.You can just press the hotkey It'll get in so just press the hotkey boom Your order is filled See what i'm saying order filled already sweet now Another way to do this is you go right on this You click this Okay, go on auto section. It's much better Okay, you click just this by leg click it and then auto comes here Sweet, you can just select from limit. You can select market And now when you're watching your stock and you're like watching let's say you're watching apple and you're like Oh my god apple if it breaks below this and let's say this apple puts right? So you select right here.It'll open up you do market you get your ready market get your How many you want to do? Let's say 10 And you press the transmit button. It will transmit the order will go through like now we're in a play right now to sell If you want to do a stop loss order what you need to do is let's say we want to do a stop loss order On this right? So you pick grab this Literally drop it on your order entry drag and drop We'll say here. So you go press sell You go your position instead of limit you go stop All right, stop where your stop gonna be.Let's say point Two is your stop loss you press submit the order will go Accept and continue the order will be in the market As a sell order straight away. Okay, this is how you set stop losses Now in order to if you want to sell using a hotkey, you can just press a hotkey Let's say let's get rid of five press hotkey boom It got filled done. Okay now another thing to do here is Another thing you can do here is to get rid of it click here It will open up like this Order is ready to go now when you're like about to take profits, right? So you're about to take profits.You're like, oh I need to take profits. So what you do is hang on Let me discard this we Might have to take profits you click here Like you're getting ready to take profits you click right here Instead of this you go You can either select limit market order from here or you can select market from here. All right I just select market from here usually right Quantity, let's say you want to take Profit on five.It's ready to go when you have to take profits. Just press the button And it will get you out straight away sweet and hotkey This drag and drop They all work All right to get in get out. They all work same side same goes for the puts, you know to get in You can just press here And then instead of limit you can demark it If you want to get in really quick It will daughter will be filled to get out Press right here You can still use your hotkey or you can just press like this and it will get you filled as a limit order as well right Now this is one way to do it.Another way to do this is this is all good And you will see the portfolio what's happening? What's the percentage? And you can see Do you want to see absolutely or whatever? I like this. I like the old settings that I have It's broken down another video as well sweet and now I still have one contract I want to get rid of it I can just press the hotkey Just press the c and press the hotkey done you out Sweet this this works with anything that you're trading Okay And you need
this orders bit on the bottom so you can just cancel the order. Let's say um, for example For example you are About to take a trade the contracts are moving too fast And you press you press your limit order and you try to do a limit order.Let's say buy limit and You know accidentally the stock price has already moved up quite a bit Where you are entered right and you have let's say 10 contracts So this is a limit order ready. Um, it's in the market. This order is in the market, right? But it didn't fill you you didn't get filled So you can just press this cancel button right here, so the order Order hasn't got filled Does it make sense? This is how you execute on your um trader workstation interactive practice Um now to check how much you're up or down on the day, which I do not recommend you're doing it Just go on the plus button right here Set up your Pnl tab right pnl tab Create Here just search portfolio portfolio.We are here. Okay, so it might be blow blowed out Everything might be blowed out. So you don't see my numbers, uh, but portfolio be right here.So everything's sweet sweet And then press this button done But this is how you quickly execute and quickly get in and get out This is literally it stop losses explain the stop losses limit orders market orders hot keys Um, and that's literally it Um, do you have your if you if the stock is moving in your favor, you want to set a stop loss? So, um, if your entry is let's say let's say for example, we'll do another one. Let's your entry is 0.4 Right and the contracts right now is 0.8 Right and now you're like, oh my god I have to go to I have to go to work and I can't be sitting around you can just drag drop So you don't even have to drag drop here just drag and drop here Okay, we'll drag something else here first It'll automatically change like you drag the contracts that you just got in What didn't work it should work what the fuck Oh now you have to drag from there my bad All right. Um, you press the sell button you go instead of limit you do stop Okay stop And select the stock so your entry was at what was your entry 0.4 You select your entry 0.4 sweet and you press the button called submit Override and transmit And the order is in now, of course the bid price this is like further out of the money and it's not getting filled straight Away.Oh, here you go. Now you got filled beautiful done It got filled by itself Does it make sense? That's how you get it done Now, of course, it's not gonna be as accurate all the time Like my stop loss price was 0.04, but my fill price is 0.03 not gonna be always exact on the dot But still imagine it's dropping massively quickly It's still better to get filled And you lose like a couple bucks just getting filled rather than you lose a lot of your profit This is how you execute this what this is what you do, um, if you still have any questions, let me know and Get to the next video. You're doing well, and i'm fucking proud of you.Let's fucking go
cpsm6dmi79ns72p02f60Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Anyway, let's get to it. Okay, I know it. All right.Let's get to it. Navigating the challenges of volatility. All right.Now, first things first, volatility, as I explained, just the price going up and down. But when do we actually get volatile in the market? We get volatile when there's some economic events happening. Write this down.Volatility only going to happen when there's a news. If there's news coming out at 10 and when we are at like these now times coming. If the 10 o'clock news market is not going to just get volatile around 10.We're going to start getting volatile about 9.50, 9.55, 5, 10 minutes before the news. All right. So you might be like, oh, the news coming out of 10.I don't need to fucking worry about it yet. No, you do. All right.And we do not as traders, man. We do not trade the news because it's all it's just a fucking big gamble. All right.When a sudden market sentiment changes, for example, this time coming for elections. Right? US elections coming. What happens? There's so many sentiments.People are changing sentiment so quick. Right? There's like. There will be a lot of this.There'll be a lot of money. They will be moving out and in of the market. Like there's a thing called sector rotation.Anybody knows your sector relations? So sector rotations basically means is if the a lot of money is going into the tech sector. A lot of money is going into the semiconductors like Nvidia AMD. A lot of money is going into those.
There's going to be a shift. That's why these videos and all this went nuts because a lot of money was going into those because the AI. Now who knows around this election time.There may be money coming out of that and going into some someplace else some other sector. But whenever there's sector rotations, you can you can't like predict which sector going to be the next. But you can for sure predict whichever sector started pushing and there's only about 8 or 10 sectors.I talk on the case you issue. Whichever starts pushing. We trade the best the biggest name in that sector.That's what we do. All right, there will be the way we trade will change. Does it make sense? Does it make sense? So the way we trade will change the that means or if Nvidia started moving lower.And now you're like, oh, but I used to love trading Nvidia towards the upside. Too fucking bad. Yo market changing you got to change with it.Oh, but but I know but you want to make money this. This is what it is. This is how it is.All right, so when do we get volatile volatility comes when there's some big events happening some news happening some market shifts happening. It's like driving on a freeway where speed can change due to condition like unforeseeable fucking conditions ahead or couple days ago. I was on the I was on a freeway just from leaving the city to my home.It was like 22 minutes drive. Right, it took me about hour and a half on the road. Why? It was accident all of a sudden.Nobody could predict it. Can you predict that fucking accident? No. Now.It took me long time to get home just because something unpredictable. They have happened. So that means when you drive in we change we change a space with with ongoing traffic.We're trading. There's nobody tell you what's happening. It's just you by yourself.The candles going up and down. It's just you who gonna fucking stop. How to respect it should let next point try to understand just one most important thing.What trading is this nature of the stock that sets up every day and write this down. This thing called markets nature. Okay, that's like yeah, whatever.But then there's thing called individual stocks nature. All right, the overall bigger picture of the nature of the stock how it moves kind of stays the same. Sweet, but in every single day individual particular day the market the stock like let's say you trading Apple.It's nature's changes. For example, if Apple broke so this is $200 mark Apple is holding like this
and they finally broke 200. It had a different nature when was holding 200 now.It's having different nature when I broke below 200. Right and if it's been choppy and you've been trading some different strategy on it, you know, some let's say we warped strategy or whatever and you try to do the same thing when it broke a big critical level or whatever it is, right? You're gonna get hurt is the nature of the stock changed. Big critical level broke the stock and come down rather quickly.All right, so don't just get married to whatever style you of trading you're trading stay open, right? And this is about to happen with with we can have we're going to see this elections. We're going to see next earnings quarter that we're going to have when a lot of earnings are getting reported. We'll see a lot of a lot of volatility because big critical level broke.Companies are reporting earnings. There will be is rumors about the elections and the markets always do like let's say if this is the election day, right? Mark is going to do a lot of weird shit up until the elections and then you're going to just probably die off or just pick up or whatever one direction then you're going to get smooth. It's the by the rumor sell the news that thing.Anybody ever heard that? By the rumor sell the news that that's pretty much what it is. But initially just leading up to those like a month or two or you're gonna get nuts. Right now two examples first is not being ready for the volatility not just thing just not just in yourself.You know, not just in yourself every single day you because your position size on Monday and Friday if it's the same. You doomed to fucking fail straight away. If you're like, oh, I do a thousand dollar position size on Monday sweet.There's less risk on Monday on Friday. If you're like, oh, I want to keep the same risk, but I want to have same position size ain't gonna happen. Risking having a thousand dollar position size on Monday and having a thousand dollar position size on Friday to very fucking different things.Friday zero days to expiration. Everything moves quick. It can be quick 30 40 50 percent gains of quick 30 40 50 percent loss on Monday.It might not be the same case. All right, so because the first time I used in the light the first time I used Google Maps was when I came to Australia. That was that's when I figured out there's a thing called Google Maps.All right in India. We didn't have we didn't know I we didn't know or we didn't have where we are like that's is that remote and we used to use no shit. Yo, I feel like I'm 25, but I've lived like fucking probably like a grandfather because we used to use a little pamphlet, which will have like roads and stuff like a little map.I will ask somebody and it's like going to a new city, but have you have your old map every single time the map fucking updates. And you just do not change your route or you do not you
just think like oh three years ago. It was the same map and now and every single time you go to the city.You have to fucking buy a new map. That's how thing was. All right, because there's road closures and or there's some some stuff happening and some fucking festival and India is full of festivals every single day.There's some something fucking going on every single day. There's road fucking closed. Something's off.I'm sure you guys know people around you all the Indians around you there every single day. They have some fucking festival right every single day. They'd fucking dancing goddamn like bro.How the fuck do you have time? So being if you're not ready for what can happen if you're not ready for the things and if you just stuck with all now, I know this works. I know this can have this, you know, for example, this dude threw me a text that he every single day as soon as the market open. He's been spot buying spy puts and this is one of the case you members.He's like bro. I back tested this strategy and last three months. It works this well.Like every single day as soon as the market open up by spy puts. And out of hundred times. I've done that.I've made money on this much. So wait. The only thing that I fucking told him was what if it stopped working? He's like no, but it's been working from last three months.All right. You made a bunch of money. Sweet.This is not a strategy. Don't just think like, oh, he's like he's talking about he gonna leave his fucking job to trade this like I'm gonna leave my job. I'm making money that whatever.Do you think it's consistent? Every single day. He can do that rest of his fucking life wake up by spy puts. That's it.Two minutes later close. You're gonna blow up eventually. It starts hurting little by little and then you fuck up.It's the same way. Yeah, you need to be ready. You need to change.You need to be quick. You can't just get married. If something's working sweet think of like, okay, it's working now.That doesn't mean you're gonna work forever. The LTP the system that we have you're gonna work forever because it's not a strategy to system. As long as there's candlestick charts, we will make money.
It's as simple. So only thing that I'll tell you to stop looking for quick money. But start getting better at the LTP yesterday.I back tested about 700 fucking trades 700 trades. How many trades did you guys back test? How many times did you show up to look at your screens for your charts? I was here all day all day sitting on my computers. Actually did yes day before.Yeah, it's just a time. You're gonna put it. I've been with me and my missus.This might help some of y'all with my me and my missus. We have we have an agreement, right? So five days of the week Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, I work for us. I like this was agreement that we had just after marriage like five days of the week.I'm going to do for us for our future one day of the week is my day. One day of the week is your day. Whatever you want to fucking do.I won't fucking say no, but we'll do that. One day of the week is my day and that Saturday Sunday's her day. Five days a week is last day.Last week. Have if you like, oh, I don't have enough time. I promise you your Saturdays become I cook in my household.We call them not Saturdays. We call them system Saturdays. So pick up a system be it.Whatever it is. I pick up one system for my trading or for my business or whatever it is. I just spent whole day with that system.Just back this more. How do a back this man? It's very simple. You just look at the charts and it's actually became super easy.Now. Hang on. Let me show you.These are vectors. It's getting so much better. So what I do is I go on my charts.And I will go replay. From here select bar. Now they have a feature called random bar. It's not you click the random bar. Well. You have no idea how the action went.Zero clue. Just takes you somewhere drops you there. Now you in two minute chart and now you simply.That's fucking quickly. What would you do? And as soon as the market about to open. So the market about to open.I do not draw levels in this because levels everything that you're going to draw levels every day. But I'm like, okay, this is what happening in the pre-market. This is what happened yesterday.
And this is and every single candle by candle. I go. Best time you'll spend is any trend. No. Candle by candle bar by bar. I spend my whole day looking at this shit.It's not it's not it's not it's just right here man at the bottom. If you go on the replay first. Go on the replay.Click replay then right here. The drop down. It says select bar. Selected a random bar. Just go random. Boom.It drops you in the middle of somewhere. And you spend whole day here. That's what I did.Bro about and I take screenshots. So if I see something for example, let's say I'm doing this. I'm like, oh, it looks good for the downside.For example, I think and I'm like, okay, it didn't work. Why the fuck it didn't work? Oh, there was a pre-market strong level. I take a screenshot right here.Copy image. I'll bring it down my iPad. Just mark it down and I save it.That's it. Nothing fancy and write it. You can actually use I've seen that I'm not a very fast writer or like I don't type very fast.That's why I use the pebble pencil. If you can type for like three, can we have multiple tickers and replace simultaneously? No, you can't. What you can do is you can, this is what I do sometimes.So you go random bar. It drops in the middle of somewhere, but then you go plus here plus you compare it with spy. It's not a trading view.You go. So this is spy right now. So we'll go, let's say Apple, right again, random bar three and then plus spy.You compare with spy and this become this line chart is a spy. This is candlestick. So like, okay, spies going up right now.That's it. We don't even need it to be honest. Sometimes you do, but that's about it.Can you go over four pieces? Kendall? No, it's not the time right now. I want to go with psychology, right? Another example of this is your overconfidence leading to bigger position size around volatile period. For example, you're winning whole day.You have this crazy, insane fucking week. Insane Monday, insane Tuesday and you're winning. Your confidence is up.When you're winning, your confidence is up. It's just how it works. Wednesday about to
happen.Wednesday we have, let's say for example, we have FOMC. What's FOMC? That's when the Fed stock, when Fed stock markets usually choppy. But now you've been winning from last, let's say last week out of five days, you were green a week before that you were green.Now your confidence is like all the way up. You're jumping into a day where that confidence can hurt you. Has that happened to anybody here? Where you're winning in a row and then one choppy day, you fucking lose it all or you wreck it.Right? Welcome to trader's life. So your overconfidence leading to bigger position size, which is cool. But when it happens, it's leading towards your, their volatile period.Market smart, your markets, fucking market, super smart market knows when to give to you so he can take more away. It's nuts. You'll start giving you the money, start showing you the money three weeks in advance leading up to that one day.We're going to take your money. Just if you can, just if you can defy the market's purpose of not losing too much money on the day when things are just not working, you'll do good. A quick little story.My dad told taught me. My dad told me this story back in the day when I was a kid. So there was a there's a snake that gets into the shit, right? I'm sure you guys have heard this story before, but a little snake gets into the shed and it's pretty dark and it's like, you know, finding its fucking way and accidentally goes over a saw blade.All right, it hurts itself. Gets angry, gets furious, want to teach the fucking saw blade a lesson. What do you do? This is like, this is like a saw blade, right? Want to teach a saw blade a lesson.So what it does is it wraps itself around it. It's tighter and tighter. It hurts.He's getting more cuts. The snake's getting more cuts, but it hurts, but it goes a bit tighter and tighter. What happens eventually? The snake fucking dies.And next day morning, the guy who owns the shed, he walks in and he sees this fucking snake on his leg. What the fuck? The moral of the story is, when you're going through shit, when you're going through anger, if something hurts you, sometimes it's not the best answer to just reply straight away. Sometimes it's not the best way to just let me teach this thing a lesson.If you just got hurt, see what you, are you being that snake who's just like about to kill itself? Just got hurt on a choppy day with a big position size and you just took a big loss. Don't be that snake. That's it.Use your brains. That is more revenge trading. That's it.Don't try to teach market the lesson. Market's been here longer than us. Like longer than, I'm,
I'm a thousand percent sure, longer than your grandfather was born.Stock market's been around. So it knows what it's doing. The system's just working from fucking hundreds of years.So don't try to teach a lesson. All right. So what happens when you're about to do a big position size around the volatile period? You just took a loss.Please learn to walk away. I'm sure some of the people who have been longer than other people, you guys have seen me walk away. Like I'm trading with like 200 people watching me at a time, right? I took a loss.I want to fucking prove not to you guys that I'm the fucking guy that you think I am, but also to myself that I have it in me that the 200 people needs, you know, watching me or the ego gets in the way. But there's no room for ego in trading. I took a loss this, I think it was like a couple months ago, maybe a month or something ago.I took a loss. There's so many people watching me. I just went, all right, guys, I've got to go for a fucking walk.I'll be back. Go distract yourself. Go, go walk away.You stick around, you're going to hurt yourself straight away. Find a trade. And usually when you're down, every single trade starts looking like a plus setup.Every trade, every single trade will start looking like, oh, this is the one, this is the one that I should put money in it. And then, then you put money. I was like, oh shit, it didn't work.And the long term impact of this is pretty nuts. Your defense get weak, you know, in other words, and we don't really want to be in a position where you can't protect yourself. When life throws shit at you or training throws shit at you, we, we call it like different, different personalities in one person.You know what that disorder is called? Bipolar. Control, control the other personalities that you have inside you. It's, it's, it's usually just like for two minutes.That's it. Usually if you can control yourself for that to one, two minutes, you should be good. All right, and start journaling your mistrades.Who here journals the trades? That's the first one. Just raise your hand so I can see you. Do you journal your trades? Every trade? And to people who are like, oh, we don't, why the fuck not? You rich already? That's why.Fuck it. I don't need to man. I made a hundred mil.Fuck. If not, you need to journal. Need to know your mistakes.
That's the best place you can learn. Journaling is not hard. Yo, it's just like whatever trades you took.Answer three things. Why the fuck did I take the trade? Why did I sell? And what would I do better next time? That's it. And over time repetition, what can happen when you answer? The third question is, what would I do next time? Is you will see kind of a same trade, same setup setting up and in the market doesn't repeat itself.Markets usually rhymes. Okay, kind of a look the same and you know, last time when they, Oh my God, I remember last time I met, I fucked up with this mistake. I need to be careful with this and you'll be careful or last time you'll remember.Oh my God, last time I didn't do big position size when this was happening. And I only made 30 bucks, but it was a beautiful trade. Let me size in.Right? You can use any trading app man. Doesn't matter. Whatever you can use pen and paper, whatever.That's not the point. The point here is when you are typing that thing that this is what I would do. Better next time.And you're looking at this trade automatically. It's still getting stored somewhere in your brain. And that's what we want to tap into when we need it.That's it. Right? And I also personally, I learned, I do not, I'm sorry. I do not learn from trades that I lose money on.I don't. It's very easy to just blame something. I, if I lose money on a trade, I'm not, I'm usually like, Oh, it is what it is.If I make money on a trade, I'm usually like, yeah, it is what it is. But the trades that I miss, you know, those misstrades, I learned a lot from those. So when I miss a trade, when I'm watching a trade and I miss a trade, I usually write it down on a piece of paper, right down.Oh, I was about to take this trade, but I didn't take this trade for whatever fucking reason it was. So I'll write down Apple 940 puts. And after that, I look at the market, like when the market's closed, when I'm about to journal, look at the market.I'm like, why? Then again, I ask myself a couple of questions. Why didn't I take the trade? What would I do better next time? So why didn't I take the trade? Oh, I was being scared of what would other people fucking think of me? What would I do better next time? You're going to take fucking chances. Should have taken this trade.It would have been a beautiful trade. That makes sense. And you learn a lot.And if you, if you let volatility get to you, man, you will miss a lot of opportunities. Let's say, just
early in the morning. You took a big loss and later on the day market starts trending upwards.What do you do? You're going to miss whole day just because early in the morning you fucked up. You pay the price. You either pay the price by your own money or you pay the price by missing the money.Am I getting this right? Is this course primarily on psychology and where your stop-loss is? Now, this course is about everything, man. How would you, hey, what do you guys think? This course is about everything. This course is about how to become a better trader and how to make boatloads of money and how to get rich as fuck.And life. Yes. Bam is like, and life.And life. All right. And you know what? What happens after this, yo? You become the fucking guest for the market.You know what? You know what guests do? They come show up. They stay for a while. They use the things for a while.And then they leave. I had a student of mine back in the day. I shouldn't fucking laugh, but it's pretty stupid.So why the fuck not? I had a student back in the day and I told him the mistakes that he was making. I wrote it down for him. I'm like, bro, these are the few things.If you don't fix it, fuck, I don't think you're going to make it. He took me the wrong way. He's like, I'll show you though.I'll prove it to you that I will fucking make it. I'm like, not if you fix these things. And his message was, we'll see.Bro, don't do it for me. Do it for yourself. And you know what he does now? He's back. Oh, he never actually left. But his missus was not working. Now his missus work too.His wife didn't work then. But now his wife has to work too because of the blew up their savings. Now he didn't make it.His wife hates me now. Apparently, because I reached out. I'm like, bro, this is the case. You, this is what we're doing. And you let broke. My wife will never allow.I'm like, why? He goes, because she thinks you're the reason why I lost all the money. I'm like, sorry. All right.Hey, what? Whatever. Fuck. I don't give a fuck.
And the next point is, then you long-term impacts. You blame. So may showcase you for your fuck ups.I just submit. Hey, it's amazing. Amy, bro. Me. Just so you sleep better. You know that.Right? But what are the steps to take right now? Please adjust the market times when it can be volatile. If you think of 10 o'clock, there's a lot of news happening and it's right now. 942 go for a frickin walk.Go get a coffee. Come back after fucking 10. If there's news coming out, there's some days when the news coming out 945.There's news coming out at 10 that this news coming out 1030. All right, there's about half an hour between these news. There's no no time between this.Go chill. Enjoy. Go have a fucking shower.Do something. Keep yourself busy. Don't stare at the charts. Play chess. I play chess. I play chess on my phone.I don't use nothing for the news. Yo. I just use trading view for the news.I literally make my plan every single day with you guys. You know the video that I send you. How long you use the video five minutes six minutes.That's the only plan that I do in a pre-market six minutes. I remember I used to wake up as fucking 6 a.m. New York time. Read the news for like two or three hours.God damn. It just gives you bias. All the news is bad news pretty much.Second is change your position size in certain days when it can be volatile. Please do not keep the same position size or FOMC days. Don't keep the same position size when there's news coming out.There's some some sort of Fed meetings going on change. I please change. Do small position size the days you do not feel certain and also the days where any any I'm sure you I don't know about you guys, but I used to have this feeling every time I wake up not every time every now and then when I wake up.Do you trade? I'll have this little sinking feeling where I'm like, ah, man. I really don't want to fucking trade today. I just don't feel like trading today.Today is not the day. I feel like I don't want to trade today and I'll still fucking trade and lose money. It's not the market bro.
You guys think some of you think you trade. The candlesticks. You don't trade the candlesticks you trade yourself.Are you feeling you trade that what's your confidence? Like you trade that it's not the candlesticks. If you feeling like not perfect not hundred percent and you have doubts you starting with you don't have the upper hand in the game. And generally your trades try to understand what's the spike and why this why was the spike in the volatility? Why read some news and all sometimes there will be you know, you in a trade and all of a sudden there's a big drop has happened to me in the past a few times.And this happened when it happened to me first time. I threw a text to one of the friends who've been trading for a long time. I'm like bro today.I lost too much fucking money. Do you know why this fucking happened? Market was going smooth. I've tried to look at the news.I've tried to look at everything and he only replied me with one message. He said welcome to the stock market. That's it.You get caught up. You can't find out why welcome to the stock market. What's the thing? What's the best thing you can do now? Get the fuck out of the trade.And don't be like those people are down 70% already. What's the point? Let me just hold the best example of this is I saw somebody from my wife's family a few days ago. And I met her on my wedding last time.So I've been 2021 December to now has been couple years two and a half years. In two and a half years and I didn't see her. But at the wedding I saw her the first time.She was alright. She looked alright. Whatever.But just now the few days ago. I saw her. Looks like a different fucking human being.Why? Different human being because when you lay yourself gorgeous just because you had a fucking one loss in something and you're like fuck it who gives a fuck. You lose everything. Bro.This chick can't recognize it. She's fucking tattoos fucking the weed spots like bro. Why the fuck do you need a tattoo on your fucking noise? All fucked up.I'm like mean they got to you. I'm like they fucking got to you. All right, but all fucked up.That's what happens when you let yourself go to bed. Just control yourself. If you're down 70% on a position, you're like, oh, who cares? Let me just hold it.Not protect whatever you have left. That's like if you get robbed and somebody took your wallet and are you like, hey, stop what? Take my fucking phone as well. You didn't take my phone.
Goddamn take my phone as well. God damn it. Oh, no, bro.Oh. And I again ask questions in the chat as well. See if somebody else knows the answer to whatever you're going through.Right? Next one is a critical need for any this is exactly what we were talking about. Hey Chris, you were talking about the news and other people were talking about news. I know what you guys thinking at what time.All right, and I just put the topics at the right time. The need to know the actual news the need to know that the research the need to do sit down and actually know the numbers or the specific histories. What happened last time? What happened? You know all this crap which in day trading ain't gonna make you much money broader market terms.It can be on a daily chart and and I'm talking facts here on a daily chart if it's an uptrend. But there's a little wick on a daily chart right now. We day traders you and me we day traders will trade the downside on that wick on a two-minute chart.We'll make a lot of money. On a bigger scale. We still an uptrend who cares yo, we trade two- minute chart five-minute chart ten-minute chart whatever is happening on a bigger scale.How does that make you money? It doesn't that's why I want to stick with one hourly charts just perfect right the need for adequate research. Now first is why is research important? Why does it even matter? The research is only important when you are a long-term fucking trader. You want to trade long term you have like a hundred thousand sitting on the side and you want to invest in something.That's when research is important. Research is important when you're about to invest in a real estate. Research is not what we do.Not much research. You can give me a stock and don't tell me the name of the stock. Give me a stock.That's it. I give you ten thousand dollars to trade. Don't even tell me the name in a year. I'll turn that ten thousand to a million. No fucking problem. It's just a candlestick.Right? But you need to know enough about the LTP. If you want to do research whenever your brain's like, oh, let me do research research into yourself research into journals research into your charts like LTP frameworks or do more backtesting. You want to spend more time in front of your charts just to look busy.So everybody in your family leaves you alone. Bro, go over LTP stuff. Do some backtests.That's the best way. All right, different type of research and this is where some of you all fuck up weekly charts. Since you joined KSU anybody here to who does the multi multi-time frame
analysis? I just want to know who here still do the multi-time frame analysis.Let me go on a weekly chart draw levels then go on a daily chart draw levels go on a four hour chart draw levels then go on two hour one hour 30 minutes 15 minutes five minutes working by the time you get to your trading. There's too many lines now. You can't jump in.It just feels good. It just feels good to oh, I didn't take a trade because there was a level underneath. They have something to blame.You see what I'm saying? That's why multiple time frame analysis is very good with retail traders. It's good to blame something. Oh, there was a level.That's why I lost money. I'm talking facts, you know, and that's why they teach you multi-time frame analysis in different training courses. So you blame the charts not them for teaching you shit weekly daily.Then you fucking read the news and then you're like, oh fuck, you know what you need to do? Go on a one hour chart draw levels three levels to the upside three levels to the downside takes you two minutes and then you confirm your levels with my my levels every single morning and trade me do live things trade me watch me trade live. That's it. The easiest way to grow nothing else anybody here confirms your levels with my level everyday like you draw your levels and then you're like, oh, let me see.Oh shit. I missed this level. Okay, the best this best way so every single day you start off in your brain somewhere from learning you don't think or do about the charts about yourself or whatever.All right, which comes to my next point. Please guys. I know this might be tempting and I know you might be like but bro, I paid money to be here but please stop entering trades just based off fucking signals from me or from anybody.Try to understand the thesis behind those. I'm about to take a trade on Apple. You're like, oh, let's do Apple.Try to understand the thesis before you jump in after you do module 6 and there's module 12 where we go over live examples of every single fucking thing that we do like we have a levels Masterclass, Trends Masterclass, Patient Scanner Masterclass. There's a lot of stuff up until then just, you know, focus on the modules focus on education, but after that you will be able to understand why I'm jumping into certain trade. If you don't ask me fucking questions, it's so simple but just don't if you don't know why am I why I am jumping into a trade.Please don't put your fucking money into it. All right. Can you repeat this level thing do it on weekly and compare with yours? No, we do the do we have a kickoff call soon or have you done modules yet? No, definitely not.
So we'll break it down on a kickoff call man. I got you. But just yo stop entering trade just off my fucking signals.There's nothing to be fucking learned there. You'll make a little bit of money, but there's no confidence building ask questions and that's the best research you'll do it for yourself. Not the news but try to ask right questions make sense.I did the module but just got confused and I stepped out now we just talking about don't do with the daily analysis hourly draw your levels every morning every single morning draw new levels compare your levels with mine. Second example of this is stop ignoring market data and friends. What does that mean? Like by profession from India, we are farmers.We are farmers raise up at the farms and in farming we do not do one thing. You know what? We don't rely on positive thinking. We don't rely on law.Fuck you got to just believe you just got to believe in yourself. Fuck it. I can have summer crops in winters.You just got to believe no, the difference between positive thinking and accurate thinking say again. There's a difference between positive thinking and accurate thinking accurate thinking is what actually matters as far as you're going to think accurate because you're playing with very small fucking budget. There's a very small fucking, you know profit margin.So you can't be like, oh, let me just think positive and the crops that usually grow in winter season going to grow in summers. Doesn't work this way. So what I mean by that in trading is if you're approaching big critical level 500, let's say mark approaching towards the upside positive thinking if you're in calls, you know what it is.Hopefully it breaks 500. I'll get paid. You know what accurate thinking is first time it's approaching 500 probably going to reject heavy.So write it down. Hope's not a position sitting in herbs looking at the market. Hope is not a position.You can do the LTP. I was back testing 7 out of 700 trades. There's about 88% win rate that I found yesterday that I was doing that means out of 100 trades.There were 13 trades that didn't work 12 trades that didn't work. Yeah, 88% What would happen to yourself to you as a trader if you took 12 losing trades in a row you'd be like fuck this thing doesn't work. Yeah, I mean 88% heavy.Yo, that's big. But what would happen if you lose 12 trades in a row? If you ask me you'd be pretty fucked be angry and you'll be blaming everybody. But the thing is by the time you get to the winning trades you lose all the money in those losing trades.Now, you don't have any money left. Just overall in the trading account or you don't have
confidence left money left. So which kind of I want to tie up with the last point when volatility increases there's bigger chances of losses and that means that this can be a trade out of those 1 to 12 one of 12 losses that you might have and if there's more volatility one trade out of those 12 that doesn't work out of 100 if this might be that trade and it might take all your money away.So if there's a news coming out at 10 a.m., some fucking news coming out whatever numbers CPIC whatever numbers coming out consumer confidence numbers coming out and you sitting in there positive thinking hopefully does it goes up and you have decent position size in hopes not a strategy positive thinking is not the right fucking way to think that makes sense. So what happens? It's one of those 12 trades it's gonna be a loser and you do not know yet. There's a lot of volatility about to happen because the news you're sitting in that trade your position size is$2,000 your trading accounts $3,000 right your positions are $2,000 you're gonna be one of those 12 trades and it dumps and now you're down 60% before you know it.Huh? Now you're down $1,200 now you look at your trading account you're like, oh my god, I blew up almost fuck it. I'm gonna just hold hopefully and now you're out you're out of the game so all I'm saying is people you guys will make this mistake but just know if you're going through the losing trade it might be this one out of 12 trades because 88 trades out of 100 work that means 12 trades do no work it might be one of those 12 trades but you need to keep your position size down if you lose a lot of money on those 12 you will not have any money to make money on these 88 and that's the reason why when you lose you lose 200 300 whatever but when you make you make 20 because it just don't have enough money left to play with when the time comes for the winners and stop telling yourself fucking no nobody goes broke taking profits god damn it this random shit that you learn from internet doesn't work alright, nobody goes broke taking profits nobody gets rich taking small profits random shit from internet don't work let your runners run when when it's those 88 it's time of those 88 you let your runners run what about see green take green fuck that shit let your runners run alright the long term impact of this trade impact gonna be first thing signals don't work if you're in any other discord you know already signals don't work as bad as you want to believe that they work they will work one day there's a difference between positive thinking and accurate thinking as I said and that leads to you get scared of the market where you get scared of the market you know what you do you chicken out hard to say you become a pushy but I'm trying to be you know trying to be more calmer so you become a chicken chicken out of the trades and then you start making poor decisions yourself and that leads to let me blame everybody and that leads to you walking out of your office and your wife just say something how was work just just something like normal how was work how was trading that's it and that does the job for you that just like boom you flip then you have your argument and now you like the whole world's against you like oh my god man that used to be so me bro that used to be so me I'll just take a loss and I'll walk out and my and my actually my girlfriend at the time and my and my girlfriend my my sister be like how was trading I won't say anything how was trading shut the fuck up shut the fuck up how was fucking trading it's just you know control and this is one of the points that I
have added in university as well control the way you respond to things now you'll do good watch your reaction just watch your reaction even with trading you just took a loss watch your reaction I think some of most of you all do not have a loss problem anymore do you be honest you don't have loss problem you don't you know how to lose money but how to lose more money because you follow the system we have winning problem you don't have losing problem no more you have winning problem right are you like I don't know when when to take profits when to get out pretty pretty basic got it that's not a problem everyone that's one of the easiest ways to do it one of the easiest way to do it how do you like how do you let your runners run negative risk management we have we cover that in the modules here negative risk management you do that man you'll be rich one year of doing just this consistently you'll make a lot of money what are some of the steps to take right now yo and this I mean it make a solid routine I fucking mean it make a solid routine what becomes a routine I'm not talking about what time to go to bed what time you wake up fuck hey we know we're not in fucking third grade but what's a routine otherwise I'll show you a rough idea what a routine means okay look at this come on god damn it very dumb and this is what routine looks like right so basically what I did was it's Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday Monday I have okay I have IG maker day damn again I'm not talking fucking crap I'm not talking crap I'm actually giving you the source you see Sunday what is it wife day Monday I have IG maker day this is only 4k capitals right IG maker day what is it I just write down what sort of content I'm going to record I write down a piece of paper about usually about 14 different ideas Tuesday I have IG shooter day that means I shoot I record content I execute Wednesday I have KCU maker day where I'm like planning the next KCU things that we're doing inside the program then KCU shooter day if I need to record videos Thursday Friday is open day like whatever anything breaks down during the week Friday I fix Saturday is my system's day Sunday's wife day this is like a routine that I have basically called team days the teams 4k capitals I have one of these for every single business that I have does it make sense for trading so on Monday what do you do Tuesday what do you do Wednesday what do you do Thursday what do you do Friday what do you do and Saturday Sunday what do you do Saturday you should fucking go over your trades from the past week Sunday night you should probably fucking backtest a little bit so set up a routine and if you can find some time here and there I know everybody's busy yo if you can find time here and there and you know that this is a free time rather than watching Breaking Bad you should probably watch the charts you'll be rich just as simple make a solid routine and routine when you start making routines based on every single 15 minutes that's when it starts feeling like a job this 15 minutes I'm gonna go fucking take a piss goddammit then I'm gonna go have a coffee then I'm gonna I used to I used to be that person ain't gonna lie I used to be like this 10-15 this is when I drink coffee this time I do this this time I do that it used to be me and I did that for the longest time but it started feeling like a you know punishment now I have team days this is what I need to do I can do it early in the day or I can do it later in the day alright make a solid routine be active man just time in the future be active what I mean is be actively pushing towards the things that you need to get done then comes technique analysis KCU system just works just keep practicing this system that's all you need alright stay updated what's updated in the market means any guesses anybody have any
guesses what does that mean stay updated about the market everyone's like shit I don't want to be wrong I'd rather stay quiet don't want to be wrong yeah key event news if there's 10 a.m. news you set up alarm for 9.58 a.m. on your phone every day if there's a news coming on 9.45 you set up alarm two or three minutes before that so you can just manage your position up a little bit if you are in a trade if you're not in a trade so you do not jump into a trade one of the most biggest losses recently I've taken probably was I was going over my month's journals and this month one of the biggest losses I took was I took a trade about 9.59 and there was 10 o'clock news I didn't know it was 9.59 I didn't know it was news was coming out in 30 seconds I knew there was news coming out 10 o'clock but I didn't know it's in 30 seconds I jumped in got my full position in I looked at I literally from my option from my broker I looked to this screen I'm like the fuck happened it's just like going against me how did that happen just being not updated had I set alarm for 9.58 a.m. on my phone then I would know 10 a.m. there's news coming out that make sense so everyday in the free market do this take you probably couple minutes and when I say read some news only news that actually matters in your trading is the news that I go over in the morning what's happening today that's it not what's the decision gonna be not oh if feds give this interest rates the markets gonna push this way or if this happens you're gonna go this way that's bias just knowing what's happening and how you're gonna position size for that particular day because of that news if there's news happening at 2 o'clock feds talking size the fuck down whole day otherwise you'll hurt next point is I want to go over this point you guys let me know should we do this or should we do Q&A I'm so sorry pardon my French I'm so sorry I try not to use these but there's this language man I don't know somehow I just make sense what makes more sense the fuckery of rushing and trading it was like I don't realize in the real time but hey then I look at my shit should we do this or should we do Q&A it's a fuckery nah alright let's do this the fuckery of rushing and trading so impatience and it's crazy effect impatience man I was the most impatient motherfucker like patience about nothing I want it I want it now that was me quick example I was a kid I was a kid and I had I had my that was the first fucking toy that I got for myself can you guys believe it I was the youngest one I always just got passed down toys the toys will have like broken fucking this little this little fucking car or this robot that turned into a fucking car had like broken fucking arms and broken legs and I'll play with that that was me all my life um at this my auntie from my from she was from US they live in I think exactly but oh I never spoke to her actually in probably 10-15 years she was coming down from America she bought me a fucking this big robot right a little robotic fuck hey he'll fucking turn around fucking do do weird shit um and yes V's toys and V's V had a V had a habit um when he's done with the toy he'll just step on it see when he was a kid he done that day he just step on it um then I'll get like those limpy fucking toys passed down from him the stuff that he don't wanna play with he was the first baby you know um so he got looked after pretty well and I go like alright that's what you get god damn it keep crying otherwise um and I had a I had a toy um from my auntie and there was batteries that was meant to go in and mum was about to put batteries and I was a little kid and I'm like I'm holding the toy and right we never ever turned it on yet right I said to my mum I wanna put the batteries in she's like no like I put the batteries in or I'm fucking gonna break it that was me impatient impatient little shit mum's like you know the mum the mum being mum mum's like break it I'm you're not
doing it I grabbed the fucking arm I pulled the arm out it actually came out straight it just came out yo I'm holding the arm in this hand of this fucking new robot my auntie's sitting over there and she's just looking at me like the fuck's wrong with this kid um and straight away I haven't even looked up I just know I'm fucked up I'm probably like 4 years old yo straight away I knew I fucked up I was expecting I'm like ok here comes the fucking bang here comes the slap here comes the smack um and of course I fucking got my mum fucking smacked me bang and then my auntie smacked me I'm like fuck and then my dad smacked me then my brother smacked weird day but impatience you get smacked all over around you jump in you do something without thinking it through you get smacked and in India it's normal alright it's totally normal it's really really fucking normal you get smacked you cough at the wrong time you get smacked it just it just that's what parents uh fucking mums do over there man you get smacked fucking all day every day um it's it's really fucking normal it's not not like oh you know I've seen I've seen here my missus family I'm like he's being fucking naughty this kid's fucking being naughty he's just a kid he's fucking 80 years old god damn I was eight and I was doing that shit oh my dad would have thrown me in a fucking wall like grabbed me straight head first in a fucking wall no mercy ah ah nah that that leads to trauma I'm like didn't fucking did to me didn't even know there's a thing called trauma god damn um another another few things were uh about me and my brother we were when we were when we were trading when we started trading um he had a lot of patience always always bro he had a lot of he's very patient with everything um I was I'm not patient so there was a time when we were trading Amazon I remember we were trading Amazon um and Amazon was very expensive stock back in the day and we were trading options on Amazon and um we were both like um I want to go long I was like I want to go long he's like oh it looks good for the downside right another impatience come come in I bought called straight away my fuck it I'm gonna show you a lesson I'm gonna teach you a lesson because he learned from me just don't forget I taught him how to trade and now he's like I'm like ah now you're at a stage where you're gonna tell me what to do the ego um and uh you don't have enough patience to wait for it I jumped in cold heavy actually there was a reason why I I moved his office out of my office this was the day yeah actually this was the day um and we were trade we used to trade together so if my office my my computer's here his computer's right there that's how we used to trade we should talk when we're trading we didn't have a discord or anything then we just you know um he waited he waited he didn't jump in he didn't jump in puts he was looking for puts I was looking for calls I jumped in calls um he waited he entered a little bit 10-15 minutes later but he entered for calls as well he entered for calls as well he switched his fucking position he didn't go he was like ah I was going in puts it looks good for the upside I'm about to buy some calls by the time he's jumping into calls you know what's happening I'm down like 30% already on my trade why? I didn't wait for my fucking entry I just wanted to I took the trade not because I want to make money I took the trade because I want to teach him a lesson just to show him who's the fucking boss and I exited before he actually jumped in so 30% I'm like oh fuck man $10,000 let's just all three grand fuck I'm out and I'm sitting here quietly I'm not telling him that I'm out I'm like sitting here quietly and he jumped in calls he's like oh my god it's 20% oh 30% 40% gains so man should we print then? I'm just like right I'm just fucking getting angry I'm just getting angry and when I buy calls
and I'm like ah let me buy calls again as well I buy calls a little bit later I buy calls that that becomes a reversal point market reverse now I lost money again what do I do? I'm like V do you want to go get me a coffee? yeah I move this computer out I'll just put it on my fucking office and here I'm done I'm like you you ain't trading in here god damn it I just lost money twice because of my impatience but I lost money twice because I'm just trying to prove a point so wherever you are losing money at maybe you're trying to prove a point to somebody maybe maybe you know your your wife or your husband has a habit of asking how did you do in trading? every single day after you finish trading go tell them hey it's not a daily thing some days you lose money some days you make money ask me monthly at the end of the month how did your month go? don't ask me every day because then I have something to prove to you does that make sense? then I have something to prove now I take a losing trade now I want to make it fucking green on the day so I can tell you that it's green and so that you can be proud of me for for whatever reason so go talk to them tell them fucking it's not yo it's not day you know daily thing overall at the on a bigger scale on a monthly as long as I'm profitable I'm good right it's just that simple right I hate that question I'm sure everybody does right so that's because I hate that question because I get like a hundred people ask me every time I finish trading of the day on my Instagram how did your trading go? I'm like god man I hate it of course I do because there's a hundred people asking me that fucking one thing how the fuck we're rushing in trading what where do ask yourself where do impatience actually start for me impatience always started with when I had to prove to somebody else it might be different for you that's yeah that's always me where do actually it starts when I you want to get out of your job quick you want to just you know post it on your social media or you want to fucking tell it to all the naysayers people who didn't believe or whatever it is whatever it is which is another quote that I absolutely love go slow to go fast in trading take it easy to go fast slow yeah slow is smooth smooth is fast and at the end of the day if you just follow the candles that we watch you'll be alright there's no impatience left just wait just the system that we trade for me it's after taking a losing trade right but then that's not the actual answer when you take a losing trade it kind of goes against your belief patterns in your brain about yourself and now just you make it right you take in the next trade which is fucked up trade so it's deeply and deeply rooted inside you why this impatience happens am I making sense the deep reason find it you got to everybody here you got to you fix it for me it was always some other people asking me how my trading went literally I had to prove it to somebody or I had to maintain this image of me that I you know everybody thought of me I had to maintain that image and or in order to do that the image can only be maintained if I'm green so I just took a loss shit I need to be green so I'll do dumb shit I'll not follow my rules just to turn out green and the rule here goes any money that you make without being disciplined eventually going to go back in the market be it today be it six months from now mine started with needing to make money for monthly expenses there you go we all hey there's somewhere this whole thing starts that could be because you told everybody your fucking job that you're going to leave your job soon because you fucking renting money at this stage and now you're like oh my god if I go up and if I go another month a job they'd be like shit you're not the person you say you are you see what I'm saying most of us kind of think in a way or most of us we we do the same things like keeping it
real I know this is this sounds like such a first world problems there was I think it was Feb of this year Feb yes Feb let me check give one second yeah Feb of this year 2024 I made less money than I what than what I usually do on a monthly basis right so our base base like the lowest that we have ever that we have made in like months in a row was six and a K like net profit on the bottom line that's what we were numbers we were doing and I had like five something hey that's such a first world problems who would not be happy to make 500 grand net profit at the in a month and I was upset angry upset and I spoke because we we would do a meeting with my accountant and we all the bookkeepers and all you know at the end of the month every single month just looking at you know or what we can do to fucking in order to get this number up or taxes moving money around and you know what he told me goes smash I handle about 300 different businesses like I handle 300 different businesses I have these many accountants that work for me your business model do you have it's one of the quickest growing business models that we have seen the way you the way you push in the way you're going they not all the fucking months not all the fucking weeks are going to be green but you've been green every single fucking month from last since you started stop being and this is where he blew my mind because hey he's my accountant's old he's like old fucking 80 year old nearly Greek he's a Greek he'd been doing it for fucking six years he knows the ins and outs he just knows so many people it's not he'd been doing it a long time right he told me he goes the moment you stop looking at the numbers you'll actually start making money I'm like but I make money like yeah now and that's where you know usually these people fucking blow your mind like here's this is money this kid is by your age he makes this much this is money there's 90% profit margins this is money now you okay okay lesson learned sweet but all I'm saying is the day you stop the moral of the story is from his six years of experience the day you stop looking at your numbers the day you start growing can anybody relate to any of that you know the day you stop looking at what's your trading account oh my trading account is 9800 now you're trading to make that more than 10 grand you're not trading to fucking take a good trade you're just trading to make that number push above 10 grand you're trading to do something for the numbers oh I don't want to end my green streak my green streak's lasting from last 15 fucking days I don't want to finish my green streak I don't want to end my green streak now you're trying to focus too much on the numbers and you forget the actual trading which is bringing the numbers don't forget the main goal that makes it the main thing is to keep your main thing the main thing everything else comes second the shortest month of the year dizzy not 2024 I had an extra day for Feb it was leap year remember I had an extra day and I still went short but it's what it is now do do mistakes do examples of these mistakes of fuckery of jumping the gun impatience jumping in trades just for sake of it nah the example that comes to my mind is the example that comes to my mind is I I was I was with my grandmother when we were when we were old when we were super I was super young right and I still it just comes to my mind this is a bus stop right this is a bus stop and me and my grandmother we about to jump on a train jump on a bus and this is bus it's approaching and my grandmother started walking towards the bus I'm like you're gonna stop here I'm like you're gonna stop here and she she grabbed my hand she's like just come on and she's walking towards the bus stop towards the bus the bus super slow or whatever reason so that means she's just she's not thinking straight she wants to get on the
bus early so she don't have to go through all these fucking people waiting in the fucking bus and India buses are not the way you think the buses are buses are like you get in the bus first you get a seat or you gonna be fucking hanging off the door that's the buses right and my grandmother is walking towards the bus thinking she gonna get get in early and what happened yes the bus stopped here and now we're the last people fucking walking towards the bus again just trying to get in early let me get in early I don't want to miss this and then she blames me for being naughty you being naughty I'm like fuck not my mistake but you get the point you see a patient scanner wait for the bridge and ask to break above it before you enter a train you see a critical level approaching at the top 400 let's say 400 please don't wait up until we hit 400 to get out 399.9 start taking some position off it's cool if you break 400 but do what's required right now for puts bids and asks below yes the other mistake a lot of us make is we jump out of a train just for the fucking sake of it but that's it I had enough you jump out whatever reason and then you watch the market keep flying and that gives you four more and you do some dumb shit there's few ways how we're going to take profits from this point onwards and inside the program write this down please first one previous half the day right write it down previous half the day so if you're about to enter using patient scanner previous half the day becomes your first profit taken second the next hourly level right third a big resistance point or a dynamite level whatever it may be whichever is first hourly level or dynamite level whichever is first sweet 200 moving average be it 60 minutes be it 5 minutes whichever all right and fifth most important stop thinking when this stuff is happening don't take profits in the middle of nowhere other than these four points if you let your runners run that's how you're going to make money make more shot of your winners literally it's just that that simple previous half the day will be a automatically hourly level on your charts anyway it will be you will mark that on your hourly as hourly chart long-term impact on not being patient you will undermine strategies like systems like AC LTP you will undermine you will like our doesn't actually work why because if you say that let's say you about to take a trade right this is a patient scanner profit target your entry your stop-loss and your profit targets here. So that means you're risking about a dollar to make three bucks for example right I think a lot of people don't understand this if you took this trade here, but you exited early like this is your target, but you exited here your reward on the trade became one-on-one think about your reward just became one-on-one it could be it could be where imagine now this is one-on-one trade already.This is just one-on-one trade you're risking a dollar to make a dollar because a system works more than you know, 50% of the time. So it will be profitable. Even if you take one-on-one where you're risking a dollar to make a dollar but you know more it works more times than it doesn't so you'll make money but if you trade if you if you exit here what happens that means you risked a dollar to make 50 cents.Is that a good bet your exits after like your exits after you in a trade determine your risk to reward as well. Just understanding that this is my reward or it's a beautiful trade one-on-one, but you exit at 0.25 to 1 that means you need to take just four of these winning trades and one
losing trade will take all the money away with this win rate that a good thing of course, you're going to fuck up. Of course is one mistake going to happen automatically that's trading so your exits from your entry point your exits determine your risk to reward as well.So if you say this is your exit stop thinking your brain like stop thinking don't use your brain while you're in the trade use your brain before the market opens after the market opened. It's just executions and I'm knowing for a fact you guys know that because the days that you have made most amount of money you thought the least just ask yourself how much scalping is just a term used by pussies man to be honest. I'm so sorry it's just pussies can't hold their fucking runners.They get you know, they get chickened out like oh, I'm a scalper scalper is a can't be a scalper you can't you can't be a scalper the question that I had was do think about your best trading day up until this far. How much did you guys think on that trading day? Was it more thinking or more executions and I bet it was more executions and less thinking why? Because deep inside even you know executions paid thinking doesn't but when you start thinking and now think about your best biggest losing trades biggest losing days was it more executions or more thinking more thinking that's what leads to losses right so now I have always had troubles with this. Are you saying that we should risk losing the trade rather than taking the profit of one-to- one I'm not saying that one-to-one profit still good because anything less than one-to-one if you have a different profit target if there was original profit target, let's say would you have taken the trade 0.25 to 1 that means you only stand to make 25 cents and your risk is a dollar would you take the trade? Of course not that means you took the trade because it's a decent profit target decent risk reward now, why wouldn't you let it run? Yeah, that's why my paper trading account is better than my real one and then you missed out on miss out on trades by exiting trade only nothing happens does not nothing changes in anybody's life even your life.It doesn't change us because you took the profit already a little bit whatever but you know what changes you get stressed you're frustrated and that leads to you losing the money and that leads to you losing the confidence exiting trades early with the profit doesn't hurt straight away. It hurts eventually and that's why it's so dangerous because you do not know when you're going to hurt it's coming but you don't know when you exit a trade and you watch me. I'm still sitting in a trade now.You're getting fucking frustrated because of that that leads to more stress and da da da da da whatever whatever whatever and then you fuck up eventually and then you lose your confidence and then you're like all markets always against me market makers against me market makers don't give a fuck they make too much money to worry about fucking hundred bucks I see some retail traders worry too much about market makers market makers against me I'm like what's your position size do contract you sure they want to take your money of course that's what they're fucking sitting there for god damn it but what are the steps to take right now please it sounds cliche it's super cliche but please really really do brain dumps daily who's here been doing brain dumps every day where you literally grab a piece of paper and you
write things going on in your head actually the question is who does not let me do that who does not be honest don't lie to yourself ain't my life ain't gonna change I don't who else me me me me not yet me me in mentally in the dumps lately that's a perfect time when you're going through shit you write down you know what happens when you're writing down on a piece of paper your brain is always whose brain here thinks faster than they can actually process that's a question like your brain things faster than you can process like your brain is running at a thousand miles an hour but you it you can't take that much when you write it down on a piece of paper, you know, what do you do? You force your brain to slow down with the pace of your handwriting think about that now your brain has to slow down and concentrate on the thing that you're actually writing at this stage I'll start flowing a little bit smoother little bit easier and that makes eventually it makes your brain like it makes you be able to control the brain and how much information you wanted to keep flowing to you I do it once or twice a day last few days. I've been doing it twice a day. I can my wife.Hey, I'm like babe. There's your brain dump. Let's do it.She sits down. She I think she fucking write some fucking Harry Potter fucking music or whatever. She does we sports it down.We do a brain dump. Twice a day. Why not? Works calms you down anything that gives me an edge over everybody else.I'm a fucking do it. If you're competing with me and you're not doing the fucking stuff that I'm doing. I'll do anything for the edge.I hope everybody here knows that if that gives me an edge, I'm gonna do it cliche again, but please really really do meditation daily sit down breathe when I say meditation, I'm not talking about user app people use apps for meditation. Oh my god. I guess so this so used to having somebody tell them what to do.Now they want somebody to tell them breathe. You like breathe in breathe out. Oh shit.I didn't know that was coming. I thought we never gonna be there bro meditation means you're sitting down and focusing on one thing. That's it.Look at a fucking wall. Do anything count from 1 to I usually count. That's what I do. I count from 1 to 40 and 40 to back. That's it. People go.Oh just focus on your breathing. How the fuck do you focus on breathing unless you're a monk fucking sitting in the middle of nowhere. You got nothing to do you focus on breathing.I best way for me is I do three cycles 1 to 40 and 40 to back. That's one cycle. I do three cycles make sense.So it goes like this. I'm close my eyes. I have headphones on mask cancellation.
So just a don't get distracted. I just go in my brain or sometimes out loud. One two, that's it 240 back and I do it three times make sense.Calms your brain by a lot is a lot of times because it's not it's not one thing. I realize and I spoke to somebody who he actually owns. He has like about I think 70,000 people last time.I spoke to him on his meditation app. He told me this one thing. He's like meditation is not so he's into this stuff.He's like meditation is not focusing on your breathing. Meditation is not focusing on a number meditation is the moment your brain starts thinking something else. The art of bringing it back to whatever you were doing.That's meditation. You getting in control of bringing that thought back to whatever you would doing now. That's meditation.That's practice. So whenever you start thinking of something other like then what you need to be thinking right now, you bring your thoughts back to this point and that practice over time gets better and better, right? Got it, bro. You got it.I stick to your LTP religiously. Just that that simple. Nothing fucking else.Yo, nothing else. Stick to exit religiously too. And journal your trades if you really want to know how to make cash.Journal your trades you took, journal your trades that you missed, journal your trades. And just ask yourself all the time. Why wouldn't you size up? This is my question over there.Why the fuck wouldn't I size up? Why would I not put money into this? I just showed you guys if you go in the channel, if you go in this channel called KSU Jet. I showed you guys what happens if you do this just for six months, yo, just six months. Every day I showed up consistently.965 posts, 1170. Six months. And for about three months or two months out of the six months my Instagram was down.Nuts. Somebody paid fucking money to take my Instagram down and that was my Instagram was down, whatever, whatever, whatever. And for rest of the time, I just posted content consistently.We grew from 30k to 100k. In matter of six months. Now, it's not about growing a personal brand.It's more about getting into getting to know what happens when you do something consistently for six months. If you focus on consistently following LTP for six months, I don't know how can I say it? But you be rich as fuck, money will have a different meaning for you. And the last one.
Keep educating yourself as you go, the day you stop educating all the growth stops straight away. Day you stop like, ah, I know what I need to do now. That's it.I'm done. Everything stops. Just the way it works.That make sense? And last one, take breaks occasionally. Go spend the money that you made from a trading account, pull it back in your bank account. Say you from a $2,000 account, you took out 500, go for a weekend, go away, couple days.Go live anywhere fucking cheap, whatever. But take a break from your trading money. Like use that trading money.Get a feel of it. It's actual. If you have never taken any money out of a trading account, you still think somewhere your brain still thinks it's just a digital number that goes up and down.You know that? It's just a digital number. When you take the money out, you put it in your desk. You see that fucking cash every single time.Your brain goes, shit, it's legit. Fuck. I need to follow it.And the last point is, hey, mark this down. Write this down, yo. Sometimes the best trades is the one you don't take.Sometimes that's the best thing you do to do. Right? End of it for now. I know we went over a lot of stuff today.120 minutes of me talking pretty much. I know we did a lot. All I'm saying is, there's ways to make money and you have figured out the way.Right? Am I right? You figured out what works. You figured out what doesn't work. You know how to make money now.That's just you and the time. You, your results, and the time in the middle. It's going to take the time.If you Oh my God. It's like, you know, it's still going to take fucking baby nine months to fucking make. That's what's going to happen.It's not like, oh, let me fucking do with nine women. I'm going to come out in a month. Does it work? It's going to take nine months.You see what I'm saying? You can't rush the process. Doesn't matter how bad you fucking want it. So you're going to take it three days time.You rush it. Fucking bullet going to give you more headaches. I will do some Q&A.Yo, only have like a couple minutes. I'm so sorry. I can't carry it away with the stuff sometimes.
Anybody have any questions? The best one. No one. Naveen, I just, I finished module six, but a little confused about identifying candle six.Can you please help with the below questions? Do we consider the patient candles only while changing the price levels? From a high level trend or a lower level trend? How do we identify them in the sideways pattern? Sideways, you can't. LTP. First is levels.Second is has to be trendy. If it's not trendy, that day is not the one. Can you please give me a few practical examples of identifying patient candles on the charts? We have in ongoing education, you know, where you're doing case, you case, you education, there's point two, which is ongoing education.One is K company. University. Second is in that bro.There's there's about there's a lot of examples where I actually go over live examples. Hang on. Let me let me show you.There's so many things that I go over live actual examples of grades. Hang on. Down, down, down, down, right, right here.Preview all course lessons. All this, you know. Hold on. Yeah, yeah. Share screen. Screen to share.This is what you see. Okay. If you go bro, right here on the ongoing education.There's I think it's Casey training. There is about um, life chart examples. Life chart examples. Casey magic life chart examples. New way to look at jobs. Life chart examples.Um, all these life chart examples were like these. These go for a long time. You will clear a lot of doubts in your head.This is this. What? But time we have this like this goes for two hours. Me going over the charts.There's me going over the charts in the real time. If you don't send it will clear a lot of things in your brain. You're like, oh, shit.That's how you execute. And these are very important. All all the stuff that you're doing right now.Um, this is important as well. Some real talk must watch 85 minutes of me. Yep.And James plus planning your life. 130. Now, man, I sometimes watch this stuff myself so that all this will be clear in 100%.I'm confused. What bit asks thing that we what module was that bit? Ask is just man. That's not
actual in any module.I think there's stuff in modules as well. But pretty much when I'm trading live, watch my screen and I'll break it down. It's just one second of you watching fix it.When analyzing volume for Internet trading on 10 minute chart, particularly if I'm trading between 11 to 3, how many periods back should we look just one back? There's one back. What happened on the previous one? What's happening now? That's it. Nothing else.What happened in the previous one? What's happening now? Volume is very subjective. Just one behind. That's it.If 1120 volume was this much, what's 1130 volume? That's all you care about. I'll follow the levels that you send daily. Should I maintain those levels throughout the entire day or should I just assist them as the day progress? Not maintain those levels all day.That's it. Don't make it extra hard for yourself. I have a question that is still not clear.Being new to options trading. How do you identify which strike price you take up in each module 6? As you go man, it gets easier. Just add the money.Don't use your brain. Just stick with that the money. That's all.Add the money contracts. I think I'll break it down. In what module do I break it down? We have that in some module.I'll fully break it down. Module 3. But not just stick to add the money contract. There's more.I think there's another modules that I break it down. Just but whatever it is, but whatever you do, stick with at the money. That's it.I'll stick with a lot of volume. As you go, there's a lot of cool stuff. I promise you. Module 2.3 is at the money. There you go. Yes, you can use 2OS.Do you think there's a golden number for maximum trades to prevent over trading? Nope. Maximum amount of trades I've taken is over 300 trades in a day. Not sure.But you when you're making money, bro, fuck everything. I'm taking 10 trades at a time. I'm in 20 trades at a time.When you're making money, man, you you want to keep trading when you're losing money. That's when you want to walk away. So have a limit.If I take three losing trades in a row, I need to run away. That's it. When you're making money, keep fucking trading.
Why shut the shop and you're making money? Like a hobbyist. Super busy. We own a pizza store.We are super busy. No work. Shut the store. Goddamn. You're busy. You make money.But guys, I'm so sorry. I need to run. I'm so sorry.I've got a fucking meeting. I've got a meeting with the bank. I'll see you guys soon. Please ask questions. The question Shab. Please let me know.What's the one thing that you learned from this call in the KCU chat and let's fucking get it. What do you say? All right. Shall we take a photo? Really quick.What do you say? Really quick photo. All right. Turn your cameras on.Show us your beautiful faces. I see everybody setting fixing the hair. Goddamn.Only the guys. I've never seen any girl fucking fix the hair. Only the guys fucking worry about it. Goddamn. Let's go. All right, guys.Goodbye. Peace. I'll see you later. All right.
cq3up0q71mac72t6c9bgHello, hello, hope you had a freaking drink that I asked or I suggested you to have a drink Hope you had a drink and hope you are having the best day of your entire life All right. Now, what do we need to do here? Let's go over what are bouncers and what are rejects. Okay, this be fun now Bouncers simply mean Where the Like we're gonna understand for a minute, right? What do bounces mean bounces simply means where the buyers would be sitting at that price point where the prices can bounce so bounces usually just like your support level or your Floor if you throw a ball on the floor if you throw a ball on the floor, it comes back right up, right? Why is that because of the pressure? Hits the ball hits the floor With the pressure and the pressure gets Newton's fucking law, right? And it comes up again.I think it's Newton's law and I'm not a science guy. Yeah a money guy all right, so what happened here is We the price comes down to a level the buyers are sitting there they make the price bounce But we will all love to know where the fucking buys are sitting so we can take the balance and we can take the trade right but it's tough to tell if tough to say it's It's just not that easy, right? So now the question is how do we find out if we figure out? the best way to figure this out is in my personal opinion is Having a strategy Which works more than it doesn't work All right, then we can have a good idea about where the pies would be and where the prices can go to right now what a reject the levels where the prices can reject where the sellers would be so strong that the price goes there reject and Pretty much see you later Right, that's bounces and rejects. Now.Let's talk about a little bit a little bit in detail, right? About individually, so what is the bounce? When a stock is in a strong uptrend, right? Think about this for a minute when a stock is in a strong uptrend Strong pushing higher there comes a point especially at the market open like this is let's say this is yesterday's market price action This is after hours and this is pre-market there comes a point especially in the first 15 minutes Which is called price discovery phase by the way, we see it little temporary sell-off We see a little profit taking somewhere on you know, wherever this sell-off happens because of profit-taking why imagine you got long here $100 and Now the price is 140 and you did 100 shares or whatever You're $4,000 and you library this looks really good. You know, what? Let me take some profits and you self say 50 50 shares and Same exactly like you there's 10,000 more people exactly like you. So 50,000 shares are going into the market to go sell Stock goes down But that's just synthetic sellers.They're just closing their positions. They're not actual sellers, right? Anyway, we see a temporary sell-off or profit-taking. That's where we want to see where the buyers like me We want to see where The price buyers like me who are looking for it to bounce after a strong 20 move Where would they be sitting? I think about this if you buy called when the prices were up 5% yesterday Right and today in the pre-market was already up another 2% Right when the market opens you think you're gonna keep on going up No, it may go up right at the market open, but risk to reward doesn't make sense, especially in options for option There's a price a
little bit different.What happens is We want a little sell-off right at the market open. We want a little sell-off right at the market open Now the the prices will hold right so what his what happens, okay, this is sucker strategy all over again the gap strategy where After a huge cap up price breaks Fails the pre-market high and we jump in here sucker strategy. I'm sure you know what I'm talking about If don't just reach out in the discord Will be able to help right now the big people the big motherfuckers were holding the stock We're gonna dump they hold pre-market high breaks and all the fucking, you know People who don't know how to trade they're like goddamn this can go like this look so good.Whatever reason right, right And they get sucked in the moment pre-market high fails stocks. Keep on going lower, but there comes a point where Everyone who wants to sell sold So the price people like me who are waiting their price comes down to a zone and we start buying and it bounces Like the selling usually occurs because of the routine profit taking after every leg up You know, this is why the trend moves up like this and not like this why people take profits All right. Now since the stock made a huge move already Smart money is waiting on the sidelines to buy it on a dip a dip at a discounted price Like do you see what I'm saying? Do you see do you get the point? All right So after a huge move up in the after hours pre-market in the right at the market open There's a little pullback and we want to see where this will bounce.All right Basing basing on our edge and our strategy. We want to see where this will be Bouncing going up. Okay, make sense.Let's look at the reject. What is a reject? Same thing when a stock is in a strong downtrend there comes a point especially the market open first 15 minutes Where we see a temporary little bounce while people are taking profits if you are Shorting that means sell you have to close your order as by So little bit people are taking profits. They're closing the orders Stocks bouncing what why because when buying pressure comes in stocks bounce so stocks are bouncing you get my point and There comes a point where we want to play a reject.All right, the same thing Pause the video read this. It's exactly the same what I explained in the bounce and this is exactly what's happening here, right? And we want a little Little bounce after especially a huge leg down that came from yesterday After a huge bounce like this, what do we want to see here? There will be a point where it rejects I Since the move already made move huge move down smart money's waiting on the sidelines to short it on imbalance at a discounted price You see what I'm saying? Like we want to know where's this? I based on our edge and a Strategy our goal is to learn where's this? Okay, this is what bounce and a reject simply means a bounce of a goal is to try to catch the bounce after a huge move up Reject our goal is to catch a reject after a huge leg down Okay Okay, don't try to go against the trend try to play rejects on a strong trendy. Do it.No, we don't do that shit We stay with the trend trend is your friend All right, if you want to make money in the stock market trends your friend so we do not do this We do this because it's
an uptrend. We still play in the direction of the uptrend Unless there's other cases which right now it's not the right time for you to learn but you get my point Okay, I'll see you the next one. You're doing good.Keep going. Keep pushing and The next one base
cq7po615fcss72t19hdgAlright, welcome back to another video. Hope you guys are having the best day of your entire life. Now in this video we are going to go over a second version of the patient's candles because we will build upon whatever we spoke about already in the previous videos but we're gonna just like basically what we're gonna do is let's say if this is the previous video we're gonna just build on top guess so your brain will be able to intake the information a little bit better.So wait, now let's do this. What is LTP? You know what LTP now is, right? Levels. How do we set levels? We set levels on the hourly chart.It's that simple, right? Over time you will get better at setting up levels so that's cool. It's again, it's a slow process, it's a slow journey. You will get better as time goes by.You'll get better watching me drawing levels which I definitely think you should watch every single day. So if you go to this channel, Samesh Trades, every single day on Whatsapp, right? Or no, Whatsapp on Discord. Every single day.So you have me post my, like the video where you can watch me. It's in this channel, Samesh Trades, right? You can actually watch me draw levels every day. I haven't missed a day in a long freaking time, right? So this is how it kind of goes, right? So I kind of show you how I'm drawing levels, what I'm watching, why I'm watching those levels, all sort of stuff, right? And it usually is five to eight minutes long, six minutes sometimes, whatever.But I'll show you how I draw levels and what other stuff that I'm watching. The stuff that you should be paying attention to as well. You see this? Seven minutes.Sweet. And this will help you build upon the information that you have learned and you will become a better trader by just watching and comparing your levels with my levels and that's about it. You see what I'm saying? Best way.Now levels are done. Sweet. Now let's go with trends.Trends. Higher highs, higher lows. Now, I've seen a lot of fucking people go confused about this shit.Like, they're like, oh man, the market's choppy. Oh my god, bro, LTP's setting up. No, it's fucking not, yo.LTP. It's not fucking PPP. You watch patience candles? No.It's not LPD. Are you like patience candles? No, trend matters first. Stock has to be trendy.You can't just expect it to fucking have a patience candle to trade in the middle of the chop. That's not how we trade. Because, I mean, you can find a trade like this.
You probably can find a 10% trade and you have to find 100 trades like this to actually make 20 bucks. Or you can just wait for the days when the market's fucking trendy and you can find one patience candle that way and make $1,000 in a week, right? Or you can make 20 bucks fucking trading these 100 trades and, you know, you'll age like a motherfucker right here and here you'll age like a fine wine. You know what I'm saying? Like getting better.Which one do you want to do? So, higher highs, high lows, potential higher highs, potential high lows, lower lows, lower highs, potential lower highs. Again, if this doesn't make sense to you, if this is like, oh my god, I have no idea what we're on about. No problem.Okay? In levels, even on levels, in module 12, there's a, just keep going, don't skip to module 12. We have a master class on this. Trends, we have a master class on this.Even for patience candles, we have a master class. But we're going to build on top of the previous videos and that one master classes would be like, oh my god, this makes so much sense now. Now, let's see patience candles.Patience candles is the magic sauce. The sauce. The sauce.You see what I'm saying? The game. All right. Now we're going to dig deep into patience candles, all right? We're going to go a little bit deeper what patience candles mean.How can you trade those patience candles? All those, you know, the nitty gritties where you're going to make a lot of money because patience candles is what is going to make you money. If you do not know how to trade this, man, or if you do not, I don't care out of the whole course if you fucking do not understand shit. If you understood LTP, you will make boatloads of money, right? So, and patience candle is the last step and the most important, actually everything is important, but it's a very important step, right? Without this, you're not going to understand shit.So, let's dig deep. Now, the first point that always comes to my mind or always everybody asks is what is the shape of patience candles? Like what shape has to be? Does it have to be a bullish shape? Does it have to be a bearish shape for a trade towards the downside or trade towards the upside? Whatever. Now, here's the thing.If a stock is going up, if a stock is pushing up, right? If this candle is pushing up and then we start seeing candles come down, I don't care what shape it is. It could be literally like this. If previous candle is like this, it could be like this.But if the highs of this particular breaks on the next candle, I'm jumping in. Does it make sense? Now, it could be a bearish candle, it could be a bullish candle, whatever it is. If the trend is up, the shape of the candle, actual shape of the candle does not matter.It does not matter, all right? Does it make sense? So, if you're looking for a trade towards the upside and this is what's the trade setting up like and then it starts pulling back and you want
to catch a move towards the upside and all of a sudden you saw on your screen, you saw a candle like this. It's a red candle with a vacant top and you're like, oh man, it doesn't look good. No, it is still a patient's candle, yo.As long as the previous candle high has not broken, as long as the direction in which we are catching the move, if we're catching the move towards the upside, we don't want the previous candle high to be broken and it will be considered as a patient's candle. If you're catching a move towards the downside and this is what the candles are like and then you see a patient's candle like whichever, whatever shape, as long as the directional move, if the direction is downside, as long as the down, this right here has not broken, it's a patient's candle. This particular candle is a patient's candle.Does it make sense? Does it make sense? If it doesn't, what, man, all right. I'll break it one more time. As long as the direction of the move that we are trying to catch, the stock has to contain, the candle has to contain within the previous candle in the direction of the move.If you're watching a move towards the upside, the previous, whatever the previous candle is, the high of the previous candle is, we need to be contained within that. Downside doesn't matter. So now this looks pretty bearish candle, but if the next candle tried to this particular candle's high, I am going long the moment it breaks.So the shape of the patient's candle doesn't actually mean shit. It can be any candle, any candle, as long as it's a contained candle towards the direction of the move. Make sense? A little bit? Yes? Great.All right. Now I'll give you, you know what, I'm gonna break it one more time. I'm gonna break it one more time so you understand.Now, let's say you're catching a move towards the upside, right? And this is a candle's pushing towards the upside. And then I started, you know what? Let me, just because I love you. All right.I will break it down a little bit better. So this is green candles pushing towards the upside. All right.Pushing towards the upside. And now we need to see red candles or whatever candle. It could be a green candle, if I can just, it could be literally just a green candle like contained like this.This, just this. As long as the, if we are watching a trade towards the upside, as long as the pre, this current candle is not breaking the highs of the previous candle, it's a, it is a patient's candle. As long as the current candle is not breaking the highs of the previous candle, it is a patient's candle.Doesn't matter the type of the candle. Sweet. We can catch a move right here.
The moment this breaks. All right. But, but, but, but because I want to break it down, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll wait.Hang on. Give me one second. All right.Now let's say candles start coming down, start coming down. And then it does, this is a highs. And then it does this.Pretty bearish candle, red candle, pretty bearish. But as long as the previous candle's has not broken with this particular candle, this particular candle is a patient's candle. Now, how do we trade this? How do we jump into this trade? Now, the moment the high of this, like, this is it.This is what we are watching. The moment the highs of this particular, this patient's candle breaks, like not, we don't wait for the candle to go. The moment it breaks, we're like, Oh my God, this is it.The moment it goes right here, we jump in. Stop loss is right here. The profit target can be this or the next hourly levels that we have.Make sense? That's called patient's candle. Now the shape of the candle doesn't matter. It can be this.It can be this. It can be this. It can be this.It can be literally like a doji candle, whatever it is. It does not matter. As long as your risk to reward makes sense.For example, I'll give you an example, just in this case scenario, right? Let's say the one that we are watching, let's say we delete all this. All right. And we even delete all this.So this is an example that we have right now. Let's say the next hourly level that we have setting up on our charts is right here. Okay.So that means, that means whatever trade you're taking has to make sense for you to take the trade. Like the risk to reward has to make sense. Let's say the next candle opened here, right? Next candle opened here and it goes all the way down like this.But it's still contained within the previous candle's high. Now this would be a patient's candle, right? It is a patient's candle. But if you think about it, right? And if you think about it from like as a normal human being, you're risking this much.So your risk is, let's say a dollar 50 and your reward, for example, let's say is a dollar. If the risk to reward does not make sense, you don't have to take the trade, right? That patient's candle is a low quality patient's candle. For me, the patient's candle becomes a high quality patient's candle when the risk to reward fucking makes sense.
It's literally that simple. Now, for example, the risk to reward will make sense. A lot of sense here would be if I have, like this is a reward.If I have this as a patient's candle, the candle that is setting up right now, if this is a patient's candle, now this risk to reward here is beautiful. Like I'm risking 20 cents probably for a dollar. That means I'm risking a dollar to make five.That's pretty good. Sweet. I'll take this trade.Doesn't matter if the candle is bearish or bullish or whatever the fuck it is, right? You're going to take this trade. Does it make sense? So the shape of patient's candle does not matter, all right? As long as the candle is contained within the previous candle's high. Now, that's the case for the upside.But what about the downside? It's exactly opposite. Now, the downside will simply mean something like if a stock is coming down towards the downside like this, rushing towards the downside, and then we have one candle, which is like this, right? And this is a patient's candle because the lows of the previous, because we are watching trade towards the downside, the lows of the previous candle has not broken. This one can break.Doesn't matter. The lows is not broken for the downside. So it has to be, if you're watching a trade towards the upside for calls, it has to be contained within the previous candle's previous candle high.If you're watching a trade towards the downside, it has to be contained within the previous candle's low, okay? So that's all. And this can be used as a patient's candle. The next candle breaks, we jump in.Sweet. Now, if it's other way around, think about this. If it's other way around, let's say because we're watching a directional move towards the downside, right? And right here, okay, right here.Sweet. And then we start seeing some green candles. Stock started making a little pullback.And then we have, as a patient's candle, then we have, um, then we get a, even this is a patient's candle for now, if the lows of, because the lows is not, is like fully contained within this candle, right? Like doesn't, like, as long as it's above, like the lows has not broken, then it's a patient's candle. Now, this could be a patient's candle, or if the next candle is like this, it's a patient's candle because the lows is not broken. This is a patient's, this one's a patient's candle.The moment the next candle moves, we can jump in. It's that simple, all right? So, when we're watching a move towards the upside, the previous candle's high has to be contained, like previous candle high has not to be broken. If you're watching a move towards the downside, the previous candle's low has not to be broken.
So, that candle becomes a patient's candle, like in this case, this candle, all right? Or this candle will be a patient's candle too, but the lows didn't break. So, this candle, even this candle, they all, if the next candle would have broken like this, this would have been a trade, like straight away, boom, towards the downside. It's that simple, all right? Now, this is done.Now, color of the patient's candle, does it matter what color patient's candle? No, not at all, doesn't matter. Who cares? As long as it's contained, as I said, as long as it's contained. So, if this is a previous candle, if you're watching a trade towards the upside, as long as it's contained within the previous candle's high, the low doesn't matter, if you're watching a trade towards the upside.If you're watching a trade towards the downside, as long as the lows is contained, as long as the lows is contained, that's it, that's all that matters. Sweet! Now, this would be a patient's candle too, where if it's coming down, or if it's, you know, making a reversal, and it's like this, but you're like, but bro, it's not contained within the previous candle. Yeah, upside, it only matters for the upside.For the downside, downside only matters. Like, this is still hasn't broken the highs of the previous one, so it's still fucking, this is a patient's candle, so it can go, right? It's that simple, don't overthink it, keep it simple, all right? Color of the patient's candle, does it matter? No, fuck no, all right? Then, where do we actually enter the trade? Now, where do we actually enter the trade? That's a question. Now, if we have a patient's candle, now let's say stock is going up, then we start pulling back, and gives us a patient's candle, right? Gives us a patient's candle, whatever.The highs of this patient's candle is, let's say, 100 bucks. Lows of this patient's candle is 99 bucks. Profit target that we have is 105 bucks.Now, the stock started moving towards the upside. The moment the next candle breaks the 100 on the bids and ask. So, oh my god, bro, what the fuck is bids and ask? I get it.Bids and ask is this number. When the stock is pushing, say, I'll show you right now whatever the stock's doing, look at this. So, let's say we are watching a move towards the upside, this number, this number, and this number has to break.If you're watching this, let's say, this particular move of 502.88, for example, this 502.82 and 502.77, this is called bids, this is called ask. On your trading view, it will say this. We do not trade from this, we just watch this number.As long as the highs of this particular candle breaks, not only on the candlestick but also on the bids and ask, then we take the trade. You see what I'm saying? So, ask is approaching this 502.85, 502.8. As soon as the ask breaks above 502.88, now that means the bids can break too. If the bids break above 502.88, ask breaks above 502.88, then we can take a trade.As long as the bids and asks are above the level, if you're watching a move towards the upside,
as long as the bids and asks are below a certain level, if you're watching a move towards the downside, it's that simple. Sweet. Now, the bids and asks, now you're like, oh my god, bro, but I do not have it on my charts.No, no, no, go back to module three, I'll break down my settings for trading view, okay? Now, if you still don't get it, I'll just go and show you my settings. Go to the settings right here and just pause the video really quick and just set up your settings like exactly like mine. Symbol, these are the settings.Status line, these are the settings. Scaled and line, these are the settings. Genres, these are the settings that I have.Trading, these are the settings that I have. Events, these are the settings that I have. This is it, okay? Nothing special about any of this.You get my point? All right, sweet, this is done, out of the way. Where do we actually enter? The moment the bids and asks break above this particular candle, we do not wait, next candle, we do not wait for the candle to close. The moment the bids and asks are above that particular level that we are watching, we are in.The moment, how do we take the stop loss? The moment the bids and asks of that particular stock, not the option contract, the stock is below the particular level, we take a stop loss or we jump towards the downside depending on the patient's candle that we are watching, right? Whatever. So, this is how we do it. Where do we actually enter? The moment it breaks straight away.Like we don't wait. By the time you're waiting for the candle to close, I'm already taking my first set of profits. You see what I'm saying? So, this is done.When to actually trade LTP? This is the biggest one that I see everybody ask me. Bro, as long as levels make sense. Now, if you're jumping into this trade, let's say this is the patient's candle that's setting up and hourly level is literally sitting right here, it doesn't make sense because you're risking more money than your reward.It doesn't make sense. So, levels come first. L, as long as there's no level like for a little while, so it makes sense for you.If let's say there's no level right at the top, if there is no level here, if there's no level right here and the next level is sitting right there, would you take this trade? Yes, because the reward is like this big. So, levels. First is levels.Levels need to make sense. Second is trend. Is it trendy? If it's chopping around and gives you patient's candle, that's not a patient's candle.That's just a candle they're going to fuck you up. All right. So, trend.
It has to be trendy, right? The goal is not to trade more. The goal is to trade better. The goal is to take better trades.The goal is to fucking make bigger moves on the trade, okay? So, it has to be trendy. And then comes patient's candles, which you know, okay? When to actually trade LTP? Please do not trade patient's candles in isolation, just by themselves. It's not what we do.That's not how you make money. You do not want to trade in isolation, just patient's candle by itself, okay? It has to have a solid levels need to make sense, has to have a solid trend and then patient's candle needs to be like small enough or it needs to just make sense for risk to reward for you to take a trade. If the patient's candle is massive, but the next level that you have is quite further away, this makes sense.But if the next level is sitting right here, that doesn't make sense. There is no point taking the trade. When to actually trade LTP? When we have levels making sense, when we have trends making sense and when we have patient's candles making sense based on the risk to reward, all right? Now, the next question is, how to deal with one patient's candle followed by another patient's candle? I get it.This is pretty simple, okay? So, let's say that this is stock pushing up, all right? It's pushing up, pushing up, pushing up, pushing up, pushing up, all right? Now, what happens is that it starts pulling back, back, back, back and then you get a patient's candle, right? And then you're like, okay, if it breaks the highs of this candle, this candle and the next candle go long and then you have the next candle looking like this, the highs haven't broken. Now, you're like, oh, which one's patient's candle now? The most recent one is always a patient's candle. This is no longer valid.It's like it doesn't exist, boom, whatever. So, now this is what we are watching. If the next candle goes like this, which one is now? This one is now.So, the moment this particular high breaks, you jump in. This is what we do. Does it make sense? So, how to deal with one patient's candle followed by another patient's candle? You literally disregard the previous one.It's a false signal. This is a right signal and this way you go long. That simple.Now, this same for the downside as well. I hope you know that, right? Now, what to do when you have entered off a patient's candle and then there's another one? Sweet, which is actually a good fucking time, yo. That's a good time.Let's say stock's going up and then you get a patient's candle. You enter, stock pushes up, sweet, and then pulls back again. It gives you another patient's candle but you haven't taken any profits.Should you add more? I usually do. If I have never exited, since I have entered my position, if I
have never exited my trade and I have taken 10 contracts, let's say here, I'll usually do like 3 to 5, like 30 to 50% add to my contract. Now, the moment I add my stop-loss instead of this patient's candle becomes this patient's candle for the whole trade because I haven't taken any profits.So, I need to, because I'm adding to this, my risk needs to be a little bit smaller on the whole position size. Does it make sense? So, if this was my original profit target and I haven't taken any off yet and then I get another patient's candle, I usually add like 30 to 50% off my position. So, if I'm doing, let's say 5 contracts, I'll add like 2, 1 or 2 contracts to this.So, now I have 7 contracts but original stop-loss was this patient's candle. Now, it's lifted up to this patient's candle. That simple.Now, as soon as it breaks, I jump in, then I take some off. So, I usually take whatever I added here, I take off because it improved the risk of my previous, like improved the risk of my previous contracts. Make sense? What to do when you have entered off patient's candle and then it gives another one before you jump out, that's what you do.Now, if you would have taken some profits and then you can add, again, let's say if you did 10 contracts here, you took 5 off and you let other 5 run. So, it gives you another patient's candle. You add these 5 again.So, you make your position size 10 again and your stop-loss comes down here again. Sweet. That's how you take it right.Alright. Now, is a pullback to EMA, VWAP level, etc. required or just good confluence? It's just a good confluence.It's not required. It's just a good confluence. That's it.So, if we have EMA running here and then comes down and gives a nice patient's candle here, it's good. Nice. I like it.Or we draw Fibonacci, which you'll learn moving forward. You draw Fibonacci. I like it.If we have a hourly level running here, I like it. More the confluence, more usually confident that I feel. But that doesn't mean I feel less confident on normal trades.It's just more the confluence, better it is. But that doesn't mean no confluence is just like rubbish. Okay.LTP by itself is a confluence because we watch levels, we watch trend and we watch then patient's candles to enter and exit a trade. We know where our stop-loss is based on this candle. That's why it's quite easy for us to kind of be like, alright, it's cool.But if we have a pullback to EMAs, VWAP levels, as long as the trend's making sense, as long as
the levels are making sense, it's all good. Does that make sense? Now, is it still a patient's candle if it doesn't pull back to an indicator or a level? Yes, as long as the highs of the previous candles are not broken. So if this is the previous candle and this is what is happening towards the upside, this is still a patient's candle, no stress.Or towards the downside, as long as the lows are not breaking, this is a patient's candle, no stress. Alright. Is it still a patient's candle if it doesn't pull back to indicators or levels? No.No stress, it's still a patient's candle. Alright. Like, just take it simple, take it easy, no stress, no problem.Alright. Now, are some shapes better than the others? Are some shapes better than the others? You tell me. You tell me.Are some shapes better than the others? No. They're all pretty much the same. They're all pretty much the same.As long as the candle is small, man, that's better. Like, when the candles become big, then the risk increases because this is your entry, this is your stop loss, the risk becomes bigger, right? That means if you have to do 10 contracts, 10 contracts, doing here 10 contracts, if the stop loss was hit, let's say you probably lose 10% of your position size, but here you might lose 40% of the position size, so you need to be very careful about how you're gonna, you know, how you're gonna jump into what position size you're gonna jump into with the big position size. I personally just like it small, right? I like it tiny.Yeah, alright. So, sounds so fucked up. So, as long as they're small, they're all good, alright? Doesn't matter the shape, doesn't matter the color, doesn't matter anything.As long as they're tiny, so because small ones, the risk significantly decreases because the small patient's candle, it's sweet, okay? Now, how to combine patient candle entry with waiting for bid and ask. I explained this before, right? So, basically, if we have a patient right here, if this is$100 mark and this is $99 mark, right? So, we need to watch the bid and ask on the trading view. As long as the bid and ask get above this $100, cool, we can take a trade, alright? It's that simple, alright? Does hammer, inverted hammer candles matter for patient candles? Nope.It's pretty easy, pretty simple. You got the point now. All candles, the patient's candles, as long as they're contained in the direction of the move, it's that simple.So, hammer, inverted hammer, whatever, doesn't fucking matter, alright? Now, do both sides of the candle needs to be contained in the previous candle or does only the entry direction needs to be contained? Only the entry direction. So, if this is the previous candle that we have and this is what's setting up, we're watching a move towards the upside, only the entry direction needs to be contained. That's it.Now, here, alright? If you're watching a move towards the downside, only the entry direction
needs to be contained. Otherwise, it's all good. Not that both sides don't have to be contained, alright? Now, we have a couple of rules that we follow.We wait for the patient's candle to close but we do not wait for the entry candle to close. That means patient's candle is this, next candle we are watching. The moment it breaks, I'm jumping in.We don't wait for. So, this patient's candle is the candle that you're waiting for but your entry candle is the next candle. So, the break of the patient's candle is your entry candle.The moment this candle breaks, the moment it breaks and the pigeon asks, you see it breaking, that's when you jump in. You might be like, but what the fuck do we wait for pigeon ask? It would significantly improve your, like you'll see me do this live as well when I'm sharing my screen. It'll significantly improve your, like, you know, false breakouts.Otherwise, usually what happens is market like tries to liquidate people just like making a false move just really quick. So, if you're watching pigeon asks, you like the probability of getting stopped out or probability of getting false breakout moves significantly drops. Now, if you don't have any idea what I just said, it's good for you because you're learning from the best teacher.All right, if you don't have any idea what I just said, that's good for you. Don't worry about it and just wait for pigeon ask. Just listen to me.Don't even use your brain. I promise you, I have best interest for you, okay? I will not teach you something that will lead you to failure. All right, now, we do not wait for the entry candle to close.This is the entry candle. All right, this is a patience candle. The moment entry candle breaks the patience candle, that's the moment when we jump into a trade.It's that simple. All right, now, we spoke a lot in this video. Please, please, please, please go back and re-watch this video.It's a 30-minute long video and I get it. Oh my God, 30-minute long video to re-watch. I mean, the risk here is 30 minutes.The reward is 30 years of fucking best life. Literally, this patience candle has changed my life. All right, you're doing good.You're doing good. You're literally spending all this time, not spending, you're investing all this time into yourself, for your family, for yourself, for your dreams. That means you're hungry as fuck.So keep going. I like it. I know.I can't see you right now, but I know what you look like. You look like a fucking hustler. You look
like somebody who'd never want to fucking quit.You look like somebody who would show up every single fucking day, regardless of how they're feeling. And I fucking love it. And I appreciate you.Just know that I believe in you. All right, let's fucking go. Rewind this video all the way to the starting.You know what to do. Take notes again. Compare your notes, the current notes and the then notes.Compare them together. See if you picked up anything new. That's what you need. All right, I'm fucking proud of you. Keep fucking going. Hey, make me feel proud. Let's go. All right, you got this. Goodbye.
cqehnfcndges72uhkdi0Alright, alright, alright, let's fucking make it happen, yo. Yo, what is going on everybody? Alright, that's me, right there, alright. What's happening? Can y'all hear me? Do a thumbs up.Alright, turn your beautiful faces on so I can see y'all, and we go from there. Yeah, and I said I'm in the bathtub, alright, then you don't turn the camera on, please. We have had, we have had a, we have had a guy who was having a fucking shower once, and he had his fucking camera on, oh my god, Hayley sent me the, so Hayley sent me the link to join, Hayley, she manages the admin work, she sent me a link to do the call, because I was running late, and she didn't join, so I was not the host in the call, and this dude has his fucking ding dong fucking hanging off, and I'm just like, fucking, somebody turn the goddamn camera off, I'm like, somebody turn this fucking camera off, now I'm like texting Hayley, I'm like, you need to get on, like, fuck, I can't, oh my god, anyway, let's get it guys, alright, let me share my screen, let me know when, let me know when you can see my screen as well, alright, can you guys see my screen, should be good, type in the chat if you can see my screen, yes, alright, let's wait, alright, Fubanachis and Fishing Scandals, first things first, how many of you have done module 6, and how many are not at module 6 yet, so if you have done module 6, say yes, if you haven't done module 6, say no, in the chat, alright, anybody who has not done the module 6 yet, this session might go over your head so far, but that's okay, it'll still be better for you, you know, started, my whole goal for the session, every single session that I make, my whole goal for the session for you guys always is, that you will be a little bit more smarter when you get off the call, you'll know a little bit better how to trade when you get off the call than you join the call, alright, so let's get it guys, Fubanachis and Fishing Scandals, so first things first, 0.236 and 0.382s are the best levels for your Fubanachis, anything after that, so basically let's say a trend goes like this, and we draw a Fubanachis when it starts pulling back, you always start from, if it's an uptrend, you start from low to high, you draw a Fubanachis, you'll see 0.236 level and 0.382 level, so yes, the recordings will be shit, so basically what happens is, if anything after this, people say 0.61 something fucking level is the golden ratio, don't listen to people, people do not get rich, alright, it's full of shit, anything after 0.382, personally I've noticed is, it's too weak for option contracts to get paid from, that make sense, it can bounce at 0.5, 0.61, but it's so weak now, that the bounce is usually very very slow, and by the time it actually starts bouncing, you will be down significant, because the option contracts start, you know, the time the theta decay starts hurting you really really bad, so the only two levels that actually matter, the first level which is absolutely my favourite is 0.236, 0.382 kind of is the second favourite you can say, alright, now there's a couple of rules that we use for this, is you have to have a solid visual trend, like when I say visual trend, visually you should be able to see there's some sort of trend, does it make sense, if you can't visually see it, the trend's not there, don't be like, oh it's making higher highs, higher lows, or you know, it is a trend, if you visually see a chop, like, this is visual trend, and this is, even though still it's kind of a trend, but it's not a solid trend for us to get paid from, that make sense, so far, does it make sense, yes or no, should be visually able to see, it's more, trading is more like an art, you know what I mean, than science, it doesn't have to be exact
same things, it's more of an art like you should be able to see, without a trend this would not work, alright, I got a lot of examples for you guys, and we'll do Q&A's at the end, Fibonacci's uptrend, downtrend, no, anywhere the trend is, alright, so, this is a downtrend right now, this is chart of Tesla, and this is a downtrend, was, alright, first things first, was this separation scandal that we saw, right here, say yes or no, make sure you are able to back up your claims, if you say no, why the fuck not, if you say yes, why the fuck yes, everybody who said yes, um, the first person who said yes is, Mr. Gogner, come on, why do you think that is a patient's scandal, unmute yourself bro, who else said yes, Mr. Amir, what's up bro, solid part at the bottom, so that's why I said yes, um, wow, it made a new noise, it's not contained, so patient scandals, one thing that you always wanna watch from patient scandals is if you are watching a move towards downside, it has to be contained towards the downside, it can be, it can be like this, towards the upside, no problem, but towards the downside, it has to be contained within the previous scandal, to everybody who said yes, um, it makes sense, need to, alright, it has to be, it has to be contained, if you are watching a move towards the upside, it has to be contained in the previous candle towards the upside.Like, just the upside needs to be contained. Alright? Make sense? Alright. One second.Alright, sweet. Why does it need to be contained? What does that signify? That signifies patient's candles, man. That's the only thing that we have for the patient's candles.It needs to be contained towards the direction of the move. Why? It's pretty much, um, that bit is science. It has to be that way.Like, water is H2O. Water is wet. That's why. Literally that simple. Alright. Alright.Now, that considers to be a patient's candle, this one? Yes, no. Come on guys, there's seventy- fucking-two people here and there's like ten people who said no. Everybody else.Alright, sweet. Now, we drew a Fibonacci when it started bouncing off, right here. We drew a Fibonacci.Alright. Where's the 0.236 level? It's at 194.49. Alright. Um, and 0.382 is 195.5. Alright.Now, it almost touched, but haven't yet. Would this candle be a patient's candle? This green candle. Now, we draw from the top to bottom for the downtrend.Bottom to top for the uptrend. Like, here's the thing, yo. If you get confused how to draw this, let me keep it super simple.Alright. So, let's say this is an uptrend. You want to draw.So, now, when it's an uptrend or when it's a downtrend, you want to get to levels, which is, you want to get to these levels. 0. You want 0.236 level or 0.382 level. Now, let's draw Fibonacci's
and see how can we.Like, let's say if you draw upside down. Now, you have 0.236 level and 0.382 levels at the bottom, but we want to bounce. We want to catch, move towards the upside.Now, that means clearly we're drawing it wrong. So, when you draw from the bottom to top for the downtrend or for the uptrend, now, you have 0.236 level and 0.382 level sitting right here. Does it make sense? So, if you draw it wrong, you will know straight away that I'm drawing it wrong.Alright. If you catch it a bounce, it has to be done this way. Alright.So, otherwise, I promise you, yo, the levels of Fibonacci's doesn't matter how you draw it. You can draw from top to bottom. They almost always will be the same.Like, look at this. Almost the same. This is almost the same. Almost the same. Almost the same. Almost the same.So, it doesn't matter where you draw it from. They always will be the same. Does it make sense? But, when you draw from the top to bottom, then you have to follow 0.786 and 0.618. So, it's not about which side to draw levels from.It's just like, as long as there's lines and you know how to trade those first two lines. That's what matters. Make sense? Alright.So, we have this Fibonacci's. We have this as a patient's candle. The next candle, even a better patient's candle, right? That's even a better one.It significantly drops in the risk to reward. The reward, the risk drops significantly. That's what I mean.Alright. So, let's see what happens next. It broke.It broke. It hit your stop loss, let's say, almost in the same candle. Right.Now, you just took a loss. You just took a 20 bucks loss, let's say. It's such a small candle.You just took a loss. Now, it's giving you a patient's candle again. But now, there's a confluence of 200.There's a confluence of the Fibonacci level. Yes. Is this a patient's candle, this one, this green candle? And you just took a loss.What do people do when they're like, oh, I just took a loss? Fuck this shit. I'm not playing it. Right.
If the play is setting up again, you better play it. That make sense? Why not? Us as traders, we do not, we do not. He's a, he's a panic.He's like, get back in the right. Us as traders, we do not get to pick and choose what do we want to do. If the setup is there, everything looks good.We got to give it a fucking shot. It's that simple. All right.Like, at the end of the day, what are we risking here? This is a risk. There's a reward. Visually, we can see the reward makes sense.Yes. Exactly. Now, this is even a higher probability trade.Why it's getting rejected of, so at one stage, this candle, this green candle was a full green candle like this. It was a full green candle, right? But what happened was when the price went up there, the sellers were like, oh, where the fuck are you going? Get your ass down. Like, okay.So the, so buyers moved aside, sellers took over and made a back. Now, we clearly know sellers have the most recent control on this particular candle, right? That makes sense. Yes or no? All right.That makes it a little better trade overall. And now, now the shape of the patient doesn't matter. Doesn't matter what sort of candle it was, but now it's just looking a little bit more sexier makes sense.Just towards low of the day. And let's say we jumped in a stop loss is right there and these other trade went. All right.Now, 10 o'clock hit. What do we do when we, when it hits 10 o'clock? Everybody used to change to 10 minutes. Why the fuck do we change to 10 minute chart? 10 o'clock? Like, oh, oh, my time, my timeframe.People like my time zone. Oh shit. My time zone. You hit 10 minute chart. All right. Yeah.5 minute chart, right? So what do we do? We, we want a 2 minute chart. We're going to 5 minute chart. That's a decent move.This is where literally 10 o'clock happened. This is the 10 up until 10 or 5. It's making this. We, what have we done? So we around this profit target, the regional profit target that we had, let's say if we had 5 contracts, let's say you have 5 puts and you entered at $1.20 each.By the time they got to the bottom, they sitting at $1.70 each. All right. So what do you do? You take half off.Now out of 5 contracts, how did you do half? You take 3 off something that makes you feel
comfortable. You take 3 off the remain on 3. You've taken $50 off times 3. You've put $150 in your pocket already. Now where's the stop loss on the remainder? So the 2 contracts that you're still holding, what price is the stop loss? Break even, which is $1.20 where your entry was, right? $1.20 on option contracts becomes your stop loss.And let's say if it bounces $1.20, you get out. But if it keeps going down, stop loss is a break even. You hold the motherfucker.That make sense? Even though, yes, even though you have open positions, you still jump to 5 minute chart. All right. So 10 o'clock here, you jump to 5 minute chart.And now by the time this candle closes, you're getting paid decent. Let's say your stop loss on this particular candle was not hit and you're still in the trade. This other day went just so you know.Now 11 o'clock here, what do we do when 11 o'clock happens? Your 2 contracts that you're holding, don't sell until it hits your next, let's say next level is $1.90. Don't sell up until it hits your first profit target. Then you can take one half of this half and then you hold your other runners till your next profit target. It's that simple.Now from 5 minutes, we go to 10 minutes, right? Nuts. Imagine somebody fucking selling here. Selling the whole thing here at $1.93. Selling the whole thing and telling themselves, oh, nobody goes broke taking profits.Yeah, damn. Nobody goes broke. Nobody gets rich taking small profits.You can't make 30 bucks and think about leaving a job that pays you 100 grand a year, right? Because this number would have been at $1.93-ish, let's say, if somebody got out the whole thing. It gave you a chance to hold the trade for such a big move. Another 5 fucking dollars, even more.That make sense? Did you see the power of Fibonacci's here? That the moment it got rejected, we had a very sexy move. Even though we tried before, we failed. That's cool.But the moment we have Fibonacci sitting at the same point, the win rate, that's what I've been backtesting from last few weeks. And it absolutely blows my mind away when I look at the charts. I'm like, the moment we have a Fibonacci retracement point and we get a patience candle on those, the win rate is fucking nuts.This is a, write it down. Write this down. Any point where we have a confluence of patience candles plus Fibonacci's, plus any other confluence that we can find.I mean, when I say it's insane, I'm talking like 90, 90 plus percent. I got backtested 500 plus fucking trades yesterday. Yesterday for me, today for you guys.And I was amazed. I think that actually, to be honest, I didn't do the actual numbers, but easy,
easy, fucking more than like easy, more than 90 percent trades were fucking green. That makes sense.Is one statistically stronger than the other? I have seen 0.236 level being super strong, stronger than 0.382, but 0.382 is beautiful as well. They both are very good. Anything after this, 0.5, 0.618, they shit, like absolute rubbish.Because the pullback is significant, we don't want to play around too much. All right. Is this one a patience candle because it contained in the wick of the previous candle? Yes, because we're looking for a trade towards the downside.This is a patience. We're looking for a trade towards the downside. It hasn't broken the lows of the previous candle.So yes, upside, no problem. It has to be contained within the direction of the move. All right.Can we use Fib one level as profit target level? If it's at all time highs, but don't confuse yourself too much. Every one level I can move then. All right.That's advanced stuff. Leave advanced for then. First goal is to make you put loads of money and then you get to advanced stuff.No stress. All right. This is done.Let's look at next one. What's happening here? Visually, you can see there's a downtrend. Yeah. You drew Fibonacci's from top to bottom. You got the patience candle. Yes.You need to see the price action pulled back a little bit. That's the only way you'll be able to draw Fibonacci's. Otherwise, you wouldn't know where to place it.It has to be pulled back. The risk reward doesn't look great. Yeah.All that. Sweet. But what happened here that should scare you away? Volume plus the candle formation that we had, the insanely bullish candle that we saw at the bottom.Now, if this candle fucking scares you, yo, what's a nice way of saying you might be a peach? What's a nice way? I'm thinking. Can't think. All right.Just this candle by itself in the middle of in the middle of nowhere. It doesn't mean shit. Does it make sense? Just this candle in the middle of nowhere because you're like, oh, my God, I saw volume.I saw this. It doesn't mean shit. All right.It has to. If a bullish candle like this with this such an insane volume happened at a critical level, then we should be more careful or should we should be like, all right, fuck this. We're not doing
it.This making you uncomfortable. Sweet. No stress.That means you're aware what's happening. But if this is happening, let's say if this is an hourly level right here and we saw this candle at the hourly level. Oh, my God.Run away. Does that make sense? If a bullish candle like this is happening at a critical level. That's when you should be scared.Otherwise, no. All right. Now, patient scandal.Sweet. And now let's see where this candle was forming at. This candle was forming at a hourly level.Now what's happening? Should you be scared? Now it's a question. Heck yeah. Heck yeah.Why? It's a it's a strong zone. We bounced yesterday a few times on this zone and it's a solid zone. Buyers came yesterday and they made the price bounce.Today, the first time, the moment we touched it, it bounced significantly with such a strong volume. All right. Now you're going to be a peach.Yes. All right. Now you run away.Doesn't matter because look at this. If you would have entered ignoring this. This is our win.It's a stop loss. Does that make sense? So what's the note that you need to take here? The volume, the the volumes, the candle formation only matters when there is a solid solid support or resistance, a solid level. Otherwise, it doesn't mean shit.Write this down. All right. Great.Now, this one, another example. Two minute chart. What do we see? Volume initial first candles like push.Yeah, it's tough to say volume dropping. As soon as the market opens, usually it's a little tough because the volume is significantly higher as soon as the market opens. Yeah.But now it got rejected of 0.382 level. That's what that's what's happening. It didn't.It it tried, but it got rejected. Now we know that the sellers are there. That makes sense.OK, so that is a patient's candle. Yes or no? The red candle that we saw the last one, patient's candle. The stop loss too big.Yeah. But is it a patient's candle right now? That's all. Anybody who thinks that's not a patient's candle, say yes or no.
Please don't. Just because everybody said yes and you're like, oh, if you do not fucking know what I'm talking about, please let me know. How much are we risking? Yeah, exactly.Let's say we have what the next level is, whatever. But for now, this is a patient's candle. No, it broke.It didn't break the downside, man. It broke the upside. Yes.Upside doesn't matter when you're trying to catch your play towards the downside. All right. As long as this lows of the previous candle isn't intact, it should be good.I don't know. I'm new to the group. No problem.Anybody who we haven't done a kickoff call or who haven't done module six. To you, this might be like Chinese right now. All right.So no stress. All right. Sweet.So yes, that is a patient's candle because it's contained within the previous candle. Big risk. Fuck yeah.That's massive. All right. Let's say be able to your hourly level is it's here.It's next. You want to take this trade. You take this trade or you don't want to take this trade, whatever.But only thing that I wanted to show you was the example of that. Is it a patient's candle? Yes or no? It's a patient's candle. Yes.But it is very, very massive. So when it's such a huge patient's candle, I usually am a little scared because this is right at the market open and I haven't taken any trades so far on the day usually. And if the first trade is such a massive risk, I am very like I don't want to take it.Personally, I don't want to take it. That makes sense. Because 935, 936, like six or seven minutes into the market open, I don't want to take such a massive risk.I'm running away. But that's a patient's candle. Yes. All right. This is how it went, by the way. It broke.It came down. Then it started bouncing. But all right.What do you see here now? We changed the Fibonacci from this point to this point. The moment it started trending towards the downside again. Now we know visually we know the downtrend is there.Right. Now, this level went back to retest again. Yes.
Getting rejected off the 0.382 level. Is this current candle that we have in formation a patient's candle? It's contained towards the downside. Yes.It's solid. It's a solid patient's candle. Yes.Big risk. No, not really, to be honest, because let's say the stop loss is at 183.5. This is at 182.65. I mean, you're risking about, what, 85 cents? Not a strong, big, big, big risk when you know, OK, towards the downside, it's kind of going to pay you almost the same. But just based off the risk, just based off the patient's candle, it's a solid patient's candle.The green candles were having less volume. It's all right. Entry, where's the entry at this point? 10 o'clock hit.What do we do at the moment the 10 o'clock hit? Five minutes. So this was the entry right here. Stop loss is right here.OK, this is the risk. And there's the trade going. Now, the moment 10 o'clock hit, huge fucking volume.Five minute. Yes. All right.These are the trades going so far. Big fucking move. Right.Do you see the power of negative risk management here? Let's say you took some profits at the low of the day. But this is where the negative risk management comes. Right.Let's say if I was in 10 contracts and let's actually bring somebody on who can let us know, what should we do? Mr. Daniel, what is going on? Daniel C. If I have a contract where my entry was right here, if I did 10 contracts of the day, what do I do? Take five off. Well, let's say if my entry is at 120. Right now it's at 170.I take five off. So I got paid 250. What do I do with the other five? Let your runners run, baby.That's it. But where the stop loss goes? Break even. Sorry? Where the stop loss goes? The break even of the option contract.So which is doesn't matter it's at 170. We just go. All right.The moment these contracts go back to 120, we'll get the fuck out. No questions asked. Yep.But if this goes to my next hourly levels, I keep taking some off. So I get paid heavy. And 250 is already in your pocket.And there's a Nipsey Hussle says, all money in, no money out. Right. So once the money is in your pocket, it ain't leaving.It's that simple. Make sense? Everybody? I don't know whose sound is on. Fuck.
Hey, don't mute yourself. Hey, V. How much I've missed, man. Fuck, you missed nothing.Where you at right now? You didn't come home? Yeah, I'm in the city. You're living life, hey? Living life. Show us the view.Right. Nice. Nice.All right. By the way, V and me, we're brothers. And we live in the same house.Up until he, hey, up until he get married. The day he get married, he gotta move out. I told him.Like, fuck, you got married, you gotta move out that day. All right. So then I married, I saw his new house.He gotta move out. Oh, my God. All right.So this is what we did. We put a stop loss at the break event. We let the runners run. And it's coming down. Insane. Now, we have this candle.We have this candle. Do we count that as a patient's candle? Now, I could have found, yo, guys, you got to just think of this. All right.When I was looking for these examples to put on, put in the charts, I what, what would a normal fucking some, you know, somebody who wants you to think I'm a super genius would do? He would find the best examples. So you think like, oh, my God, he is such a smart motherfucker, right? He'll find the best examples. But the reason why I find these examples, so I can literally make you fucking realize that if you, if this is a patient's candle and we took a trade.Guess what? What's happening? Stop loss hit. Right. I didn't, I don't think about, oh, I need to find best examples.So I look fucking like a super genius. I want to look like examples which are more realistic. So I can make you more amount of money fucking moving forward as soon as possible.Does it make sense? So let's say you took this trade, but because there was no Fibonacci's fucking levels, the Fibonacci here level was sitting at 180.04. And because this exit right here,180.04 would be Fibonacci's, because it is not happening at Fibonacci's, we can still take a trade. But the win rate is not as high as the one at the Fibonacci's. That makes sense.So we draw the Fibonacci's, we took a loss, no stress. But when we have a patient's candle over there, it's a more confluence bearish candle, you get paid heavy. That makes sense.Doesn't matter if you just took a loss. If it's giving you five minutes later, if it's giving you better fucking trade, we got to execute. We have to.
And now this becomes the entry. This is a stop loss. It stayed around.Now I found this example for one reason only. I wanted to give you this example for only one reason. It stayed in that fucking range, where it didn't hit your profit target, it didn't hit your stop loss for almost an hour.Oh my God, I would have lost my mind. But at the same time, if it hasn't hit my stop loss, what do I do? You stay in there motherfucker. Don't be a bitch.Don't be a bitch. Right. So basically what I'm trying to say right now to you guys is, um, basically what I'm trying to say is, um, you have to understand that the moment you jump into a trade, the trade doesn't owe you shit.Hey, I'm going to say one more time. Please don't feel so entitled in the stock market where you're like, I just entered, it has to work straight away. No, it doesn't.As long as it's not telling you to get the fuck out. As long as it's not telling you take your profit, you stay in the trade. Sometimes on a Friday, it might hurt.But if we're doing zero days to expiration, what's the time right now? Right here, it's 1030. What do we do? 1030. We do not trade the same day expiration.Does it make sense? We're doing the next week expiration. We stay in the trade. What happened? Bank.It worked. It worked a little bit later, but it worked. Look at the volume.And I think I didn't take a screenshot, but overall what happened was it kept fucking going down. Um, bro, can you show me again from which point to which point you draw Fibonacci's? Um, really quick on IUB. Like I, bro, doesn't matter what side you draw Fibonacci's on.Like literally where the trend started on the day. You don't go pre-market on the day. Pre- market doesn't fucking matter on the day when the market opened.So you can draw Fibonacci's from here to this. You have these levels. You can draw upside to downside.You have almost the same levels all the time. Look at this. Same, same, same, same.It doesn't matter what side you draw the Fibonacci's on. Uh, but because we want to look at 0.236, 0.382. And these are my settings. Just take everybody, please take screenshot.These are the settings where I have the colors and stuff. So, um, and if a, if you're driving, try and take screenshot, but don't die. Somebody take a screenshot and put it in the chat, right? Goddamn, don't die on the zoom call.Um, so basically what we want to see here, yo, is one super simple thing. Only rule that we have
is make sure it's visually trending. Number one, second, we want to draw from the market opens, right? That makes sense.It's where the market opened or where the trend started on the day. Sometimes initially the market opens a little choppy and later on the trend starts. I still draw it from the market open or mark, um, where the market kind of from the market hours, highs or lows, whatever.All right. Um, and we will always go for like where the 0.236 and 0.382 levels are. Like you could draw upside down, but then you have these levels sitting like this.Just always just remember if you want to, don't know which side to draw it on, yo, easier way. You don't know which side to draw it on. Just first two lines, first two lines.Now you can draw from the bottom. It'll be still the first two lines. You can draw from the top to bottom.It'll be the first two lines. That makes sense. It's just a match. Match don't, match don't lie. Do you ever use Prima? No. Fuck no. Not for Fibonacci's. Sweet. All right.This is done. Um, and now what brokerage do you use? Have you, have you, have you done kickoff call? Yo, Mr. Alexander, have you done kickoff call so far or not yet? Fibs only work. All right, fuck.Keep the questions till the end. Jeez. All right.Now what's happening here? Yo, do we have, what happened here? Is that a patient's candle? First question first. The candle that we are seeing right now. Is that a patient's candle? Yes.Of course. Yes, it is. What makes this trade a bad trade? Let me know.Actually, I'm going to bring somebody on so we can answer this. Um, Mr. And if you have video cameras on or it's only you coming, otherwise no. All right.Mr. Jonathan, what's up? Jonathan Clay, what makes this trade a bad, bad trade? Um, let's see. I would say the, the, the double-sided wick underneath and the trend isn't as clear as I would like. And? Keep going.Um, and it, um, it didn't reject off the, uh, the high didn't reject immediately off the, uh, 0.382. It kind of pulled back further than that. And it's rejecting off one of the higher levels. Yeah.Right. And that's not a strong, uh, that's not a strong fib level. Right.That's okay. So first is, um, the volume is pretty high in those candles. Second, well, the candles are quite fucking big, right? The candle is quite big.
So candle formation, shit. Third, where is it bouncing off of? What's this line? Oh, that's the 200. Yeah.200 moving average. It's bouncing off 200. That means 200 is sitting right at the bottom.Yeah. And do you guys remember when, um, the session that we did where I was like, um, every stock has a nature on the day. Every, every single stock finds a nature on that day.I say in this case, this stock already told us that the, my nature is I like, I'm like, I'm loving to bounce off 200 simple moving average so far. That makes sense. So 200 moving average as well.Now there's three reasons why not to take a trade. Fourth, stop us a little while as well. But yeah.And this is how I went. Fibonacci's yo. It's simple.We never took this trade. That make sense? Yep. Beautiful.Oh, please be honest. Anybody here who didn't fucking understand a word that I said? There has to be one. Fuck.If you just started, if you just joined, if you haven't done module six, this might be a little, this might be, yes, Michelle, this might be like Chinese to you, but we'll, you know, um, we'll have a conversation. No problem. Could you have taken to the upside? No.Why? Just because you want to take a trade? Fuck no. No point. I've been a first call. So I've been new. Nope. No choice.All right. Sweet. Now this one, what's happening again? That was a patient's candle because it didn't break the low.Yes. The lows right here. It didn't break.That's why. Yeah. What's happening here? It's five minutes short.Again, I find those examples which make your brain like scratch a little bit, like, fuck, what the fuck? Right. These are not perfect examples, but I want to look for these. We have the patient's candle.Yes or no? Yes. That's a patient's candle right there. Okay.Give me one reason to take the trade right now or two reasons. One is Fibonacci, second is patient's candle. What's the reason why we shouldn't take this trade? To the downside.Now, let's say you didn't take this trade, right? You didn't take this trade because doing a simple
move in average, you don't want to catch it, play towards the downside. And this happens. It drops.Do you get formal? Do you feel formal? You're like, man, I should have taken the trade. Especially imagine if everything else is chopping around whole day. You haven't found a trade.And this is the only trade that you see. And you don't take it because of the 200 simple move in average. And then five minutes later, some somebody called out in the chat because they didn't respect simple move in average.And they're like, oh my God, the Tesla was so beautiful. Now you feel like shit because you respected your rules. You respected the fucking stuff that you need to do.But somebody else didn't. And they made the money. Now you feel like shit because you didn't make the money, because you respected your rules.But they didn't respect the rules and they made money. Do you get formal? Or do you tell them, hey, good stuff, man, that you made money. But deep inside, you know, fuck any money that you make without being disciplined, eventually going to go back to the market.Today, you don't respect the rule, you made money. Oh my God, stock market's just getting you ready, yo. I know this for a fucking fact.Anytime I have not respected my rules, I made money. It's the market's just getting me ready. It's like just, you know, setting it up properly so it can just smack me properly.And take more of my money away. Right. So now when it has dropped below all this 200 move in average, now you're like, OK, I'm waiting for a patience candle.You got the patience candle. It's getting rejected of the Fibonacci's. Now, is that a trade that you should be waiting for and willing to take? Compared to the other ones.Because guess what? If you if you didn't enter here and I have heard this, fuck, I hear this once every fucking day when people tell me, oh, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. I'm like, I hear that every day. I legit hear that every day.Motherfuckers be like, hey, man, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. I think you should invest in it. Like I hear it every day.That's not once in a lifetime. All right. That becomes a trade.And this is how it went. And it went further down. And you get the point. All right. All right. Actually, this is how it went.This is a 10 minute chart now. So this is this is 10 minute chart about to happen. The 10 minute chart.
What do you see here? Later on in the day, this is what happened on a 10 minute chart. It was setting up a 200 moving average and it started bouncing. What happened here? Profit taking hourly levels, man.It's so simple. Profit taking hourly levels, profit taking the low of the days. But what happened here? Structure broke.So we did catch a move towards the downside tiny bit. And then later on, about an hour later, it started doing this. So basically, the structure was right here.Let me change the color to yellow. Yeah. Basically, this is what happened. We had a move. Right. Is the structure is where the structure broke.Does it make sense? Why is that structure? Right. Because we made a low of the day because we made low. It's right here.So after the pullback, we made the lows. That means this is confirmed lower high. Make sense? This is the previous one.This is the one. And it's confirmed. Yes.Up until here, everything's good. Anything below this, anything, everything is good. But the moment it broke above, what happened? It's not a trade toward the downside anymore.Now it's bouncing off 200 moving average on a 10 minute. It broke the structure and it's giving you a patient's candle. What did you do? What happened? It was a wick.Doesn't matter. Wick, wick, dick, doesn't matter. Fuck it in the market, yo. As long as the structure broke, fuck it. Done. It's out.Goddamn. Right. You wait for the next candle.The moment it takes over, that's when you jump in towards the upside. It's called a reversal module. What module is a reversal? What number is a module number? Wait for the candle to break over the high.Can you show me the piece? Right here. Last one. Here you go. And you catch a reversal. Boom. All right.Now, another example. What happened here? And keep going. Based on the price action, this is a five minute chart.All right. So basically what happened here is we started a downtrend. This is the highs. We started a downtrend. It made a pullback till here. And it made a low.
Up until this point, it would have been a solid downtrend. Yes or no? Because you do not see these candles. Up until this point, when this particular candle was red, it would have been a solid downtrend.Right. And then it reversed. It broke the structure.Now what happened here? The structure break. Yes or no? It broke the structure. And then it's pulling back to 200 moving average.Right. So yes, this is a five minute chart. But even if you're watching on a two minute chart, it's just a little zoomed in.But the price action still stays the same. All right. Like a cake, big piece of a cake, fucking still stays the cake.If you have a small piece, fucking it's still going to taste the same. So it's the same thing. Price action is still going to be the same.All right. So now what's happening here? We broke the structure. Now we know broke the structure and it's bouncing off the 200 moving average.What comes to my mind straight away is, let me fucking capitalize on this reversal. This might be a reversal coming. Right.Because we broke the structure. Because we bounced off once, twice, three, three times already on the 200 moving average. Now it looks like we're bouncing again.Right. If it goes above this, I'm going to go long. That's what I'm thinking.This makes sense. Anybody who this does not make sense, please tell me. The structure broke because highs pulled back.We had a little pullback. This was a little patience candle, let's say on a five minute chart. And it made it lows up until this point when this particular candle was red.This was a solid downtrend. But what happened? It bounced and it broke the level. Because it made it low, that means this was confirmed level.When this is confirmed, it bounced. Now we know the structure has broken. Boom.Straight away, our brain is like, all right, let me wait for a patience candle for the reversal. That gave us a patience candle on the 200 moving average. It's a confluence.Multiple reasons to jump into a trade. One is a patience candle. Second is a break of structure. Previous one. Third is 200 moving average. Plenty of reasons to jump into a trade.
Yo, I'm asking one more time. If this makes sense to everybody, say yes. If it doesn't make sense, say no.75 people on the call, this chat should go nuts. Okay, sweet. Perfect. And this is a patience candle. This is a soft loss. We now know.And this is what happened. We went to open price. We take some off like we do at the open price.Right. This open price is a level. We take some off.We got paid. We have the runners running. And then it started giving us a nice, what is this? Another one.What is this? A nice fucking patience candle again. Right. So we can add more to this trade that we already have.Yes. We're already holding half of this position where we entered. We took half off.We're already holding half. Now we can add, either we can add another half or we can just add one more. Now we have 1.5 times like whatever position size we have.You can double down. People double down on a losing trade. You want to double down on a fucking trade that's making money.Why the fuck not? They're like, oh my God, nobody goes broke taking profits. You can't get rich. I promise you.Doesn't matter how hard you try. All right. Another trade. Sweet. This is how it went. It went literally.Sweet. And it's here. Now this is 11 o'clock.What do we do at 11? The minute. Right. And this is what an hour later the trade looked like. Nuts. Fucking nuts. And you say, and you tell me, fuck, nobody goes broke taking profits.Bro, watch this. You'll watch me catch this move while you're telling yourself nobody goes taking profits. Oh my God.God damn. Like these are the days you fucking live for, yo. Like I gave you another entry right here.Yes. You might have given your entry a little bit later. Yes.To get to get in again. But wouldn't it be cool if you fucking had it, had your original position a
little bit holding. Because your, your average is so much fucking better now.A day like this, you double your trading account. You triple your trading account. You've got big money.That makes sense. Okay. So somebody asked, can you show us how Fib came into the picture? Now this is a Fib class, but more than a Fib class, it's a more of a confluence class.I don't look for confluences to jump into a trade. Fib is all Fib by itself is confluence. That's what it is.Here we didn't have Fib as a confluence. What did we use as a confluence? The 200 moving average. That makes sense.Now what happened later on in the day, what happened later on in the day on this particular day is this. But what happened? How the fuck could we have capitalized on this? Crazy? Yes. But how do you capitalize, move towards the downside? Because me as a trader, I'm gonna catch the upside and I'm gonna make a new high.Yes. Everybody say yes or no. That's a patient scandal.What happened? It made a new highs. When it makes a new high, what happens? This lower of this patient candle is the structure. Yes.And when the low of that structure breaks, what happened? The structure broke. Huh? The structure broke. Do we entered straight away? No.Now the structure broke. it gave us a nice fucking entry yeah like this is what's happening yo look at this this is a high this is a patience candle when it's pushing this is a patience candle you took a trade it made it highs this became a structure because it kind of is a pullback that happened right the structure broke towards the downside now the structure is not there anymore it gave you a nice patience candle yeah what happened bro how the fuck can you go somebody asked me the other day it's like aren't you scared that what what happens if you lose all the money like the investments that you're making and because i'm going aggressive with the investments right now it's like the investments you're breaking um are you scared like if everything went south you will have no money i'm like i got stock market bro what the fuck are you on about i know how to trade when i know i can catch this but i'm never gonna go broke i can go as aggressive as i want in everything because i know this is free money for me this makes sense yes or no you catch a move towards the upside you catch a move towards the downside you get fucking rich and you know the good thing is the good thing is you can never say oh i didn't get a chance to get it in exactly because it's a 10 minute fucking candle if anybody's like oh my god i was too fast right 10 minutes too fast bro that's it done again this is all price action i don't i didn't show you fucking know this when this line crosses this line when this line crosses this line that's when you fucking i don't do none of that shit this is all price action indicators change over time price action stays the same sweet okay insane fucking trick
this is nuts yo i was i actually was when i was backtesting this i went from i went from the two minute chart that i was watching i'm like oh the structure broke um all right sweet i took a loss on this on a two minute chart i was i took a trade in my backtest like i took a loss sweet uh why the structure broke i would go long here and when the candle app then when the candle came here like i take some off i'm like all right adding more and this is what i'm like this is what i'm doing in the backtesting i'm like all right this is what how's going sweet oh my god i'm fucking printing and then i saw this happen i'll get all my position off because the structure broke of my calls that i already was holding all right the structure broke i'll take all my position off and then when it gave me this entry i'm like all right i'll jump in put and i was like what the fuck man like this has to be this has to become an example and this is what how you do backtest right somebody's like what how do you do backtest um so what i simply do is i go on a two minute chart all right i go on a replay feature i just select literally from here i select random bar all right i select random bar um and i literally just go i whenever i feel like it's opening in the pre-market hang on all right so my pre-market about to open see this pre-market about to open and that's what i do so i'll go pre-market's about to open right here okay there's a first candle so nothing yet nothing and i go one candle at a time like this there's nothing happening right now so guess what when there's nothing happening what am i doing nothing it's that simple so i'm waiting all right now what do we see it kind of a downtrend started yeah just we broke the previous lows broke below the pre-market low and this is a thing all right do we consider this as a bounce so far yes so what do i do i'll draw my fibonacci's to see what the fuck's happening okay this is the fibonacci's the way it looked right now all right and what happened the beauty of the beauty of us waiting for patient scandals is we'd never get caught up in this shit that makes sense and what's happening now you delete your fibonacci's and you're like all right sweet this is pretty much what's happening is chop i'll wait nothing chop chop chop and this is what i do like this is what i did five fucking hundred times yesterday on the same on the charts now 10 o'clock hit what do you do when 10 o'clock hit five minute you're going to five minute it stays the same chart now let's say for example for example this is no way you buy but this is where i do how i do practice let's say for example uh actually you know what i'll wait for the patient kennel give it a second and that's a structure break right here no actually no no it's not no no no no no it's not because we didn't get a patient no it's not all right no structure break actually this is a good point is this a structure break structure break happens only after the patient's candles here we saw some sort of patient scandal we saw some sort of a little pullback then when that's when a structure break usually happens all right let's say let's say you want to go short the moment this breaks with the downside as a patient's candle this is how you go short literally you sell buy you see these buttons these are your backtest okay this is exactly where we're like yeah of course it's never going to be perfect because um the candle is closed by the time you like you want to sell but you press like this it's that simple make sense you press the button now you've sold now you're like all right let's see how it goes but the beauty of this whole thing because our stop-loss is right there the beauty of this whole thing is you can sell one more time now you have two contracts but your average is this roughly and when the trade is working in your favor let's say all right when the stop-loss hit right here you go flatten it sells and now let's say if this buy point was here it marks it on your charts this is why i like it so
much this just this was an example this just makes it so beautiful that when it's marked up on your charts and you're like okay i got one in here i added one in here added one here i took two off here and this is what it looked like oh my god this was such a beautiful trade and what i do is then i take a screenshot of this i take a screenshot and i put in my notes that's the backtest now what happened that's one two and three trades i do 500 like this that makes sense this is how you backtest and the moment you press this you're back to your charts are back to fucking fresh really beautiful right pretty easy pretty sweet and it works all right and that's all back to this trade as well i was like what the fuck this is absolutely nuts all right now this is all about fibs here fibs confluences that's all about it um now let's do some q and a let me know if you have any questions would you recommend moving stop loss to low of the patient channel if you're already in a trade to the upside and see another patient channel like you mean from break even to this current patient channel is that what you mean yeah hundred percent i mean yeah hundred percent if you get another entry that becomes your new stop loss for the whole position yeah hundred percent yeah probably a basic question you might have answered which brokerage is good to avoid pdd you go with interactive brokers and you open a cash account in module 3 we talk about this um in module 3 we talk about this it's yeah but i'll give you um we haven't done a kickoff call yet so we'll talk about all that in the case call right all right um where will you be posting this recording oh can you go over where to set your stop loss is it always at the bottom or top of the patient channel yes always we don't we don't think the candle tells us what to do the candle tells us where to enter where to get out that's the beauty of this whole system all right where will you be posting this recording i would like to rewatch it was five i think it will go in module 12 yeah it will go in module 12 it'll be a part of module 12 um can you walk through what we are looking at when we hit buy or sell on trading we've been backtesting it's just as simple when we press sell that means we are either taking profits or we are either jumping inputs when we buy either we are taking profits of our cell position that we already sold or we're jumping in quotes pretty much that's what it means um when orb and fib should they be used together between orb and fib should there be nothing in the market should like would it improve your edge go back test should it do something go back test sonny all right it's that simple that's the easiest way to go about it um it's all at the end of the day it's all a confluence open price orbs emas 200 moving average pre-market highs lows hourly levels Fibonacci's they're all a part of confluence that's all it is you see what i'm saying they're all a part of confluence um we brought him out of here great session i'm not coming home tonight either god damn all right is what it is baby is what it is all right um the moving average is not same as ema no it's 200 moving average not 200 exponential moving average right 200 simple moving average um what's a question what's up uh hey samish so i've been struggling a bit with the fact that um so when we get into a trade right so the advice is that okay we should not micromanage right uh so but then if you don't keep looking at the traffic how will you decide you know when to take profits i mean you when to you know look at the chart again uh to see okay the profit and our targets hit or your stop loss hit or your break even hit so how how do we manage that if we are not continuous looking at the charts there's a difference between micromanaging and actually um letting the trade do what it wants to do so micromanaging is something like oh my god um on a 13 minute chart it has this oh my god i need to sell that's
like you're looking for reasons why you need to sell right um so for example i'll give you an example all right everybody should do this and this is pretty basic and you're going to tell me if i can bro i've you've lost your mind pretty basic um but if you i want everybody to do this with me all right everyone um look around your room and look for the items that are red everything that's red look around all right now close your eyes for a minute close your eyes and tell me how many items that were not actually fucking red that you just made it like fucking some burgundy fucking color you just looked at it as red when you open your eyes just because you wanted to feel that little success open your eyes and look around again how many items that were actually not red that you just fucking looked at you like oh fuck that's almost red i'll count it that's us looking for a little successes during a day that's us looking for little successes so we feel a little bit smarter during the day or in the trade as well oh but on it on this 10 minute chart this is setting up this but we're not on the 10 minute chart we're trading on a five minute chart does it make sense that's called micromanaging where we look for other little things which are not actually the criteria but we count them in as well just because we want to feel a little bit of a little bit of safety or a little bit success that we know what we're doing right now that makes sense that's called micromanaging but letting a trade run is letting a trade run is um just a pretty much art you get better over time to be honest because you start feeling more comfortable but you have to go through the pain of getting out early i'll say one more time the pain of getting out of a trade early you know what what it does when you get out of a trade early all the time we're gonna happen is your brain is gonna be like oh my god every time i get out of a trade i've lost so much money i have not made enough money or the pain of you getting out of a trade early you'll get to a stage where you're like i can't take this anymore i just can't take it anymore fuck it i'm gonna stay in one contract i'm gonna stay in but you have to have to go through the pain a certain pain if that makes sense but yeah that's about it bro yeah makes sense thanks so much easy man um can we trade directly hang on is there a minimum percentage profit for the first take profit and move stop loss for break even is a pearly price section example take 50% high loads um if the high of the odd day or the low of the day is sitting very close to the entry point man i'm usually looking for the next hourly level then um but it's not percentage it's mostly price section mostly yeah mostly price section if let's say low of the day sitting at 132.96 six um and hits 133 just like four cents above um i don't wait for exactly at 0.96 to hit i'll start taking profits when i'm 133 um as a zone if that makes sense um but yeah it's mostly price section and again even when you step one step further down the price section i look for mostly like the whole numbers if we're sitting at 172.73 i'll take some off at 172.75 let's say see what i'm saying so i'll look for the next whole number then i'm like that comes before the level next whole number that comes before if towards the upside we're looking at 122.73 then i'll take some off at 122.7 so it's the the whole number that's coming before it hits the level that's when i'm like oh my god let me take some off that this one is running at this break even stop loss and it has worked for me pretty well can we trade directly on the charts when we find an entry or go or go back to dws file like i mean you gotta trade from dws trade a workstation we do options so you can't trade exactly from the charts hey um i sent questions on the modules on insta my one insta is it just disappeared it just went i'm like where the fuck did he go i'm like oh i can't see it i can't see i try to log in it says fucking the
wrong username like what the fuck happened so one of my insta is out my main insta is still there um but yeah so the best place to ask questions guys is not instagram the best place to ask questions is the discord because i swear to god man i get too many messages on instagram and it i it's the messages disappear right he said looks like your account's hacked nah i have a i have a dude who works in instagram and he he tried to look he's like bro it doesn't exist it looks like it never fucking existed i'm like what the fuck man what do you mean never fucking existed it's not hacked it just it's legit just disappeared i'm trying to fucking work work with them to get it back yeah um thank you summation did a great session let's fucking go when you say structure break it's based on patience candles or higher lows or lower higher um because patience candles whenever the patience candle is forming that's usually forming around the critical levels around the areas where where the trend is solid like for example um give an example let's say if this trend is up like is as strong as this particular example right here it's as strong as like this and then you have one candle then that's a higher highs and high lows pretty much setting up for example in this this one right here but when it gives you enough time then this is kind of the lowest out of this whole thing that makes sense when there's like enough pretty much we still look for lower higher highs and high lows but basically when it gives you enough time for like pullbacks low pullbacks then that becomes the lowest for the structure to break otherwise when it's not like just this because that's also a little pullback that's it i don't think that makes sense maybe i'm maybe i'm confusing you guys maybe i'm not maybe that makes sense um how do you decide on the height of the zone are you combining a few weeks how do you decide on the height of the zone i'm confused what do you mean basically like so when you are creating a zone right or drawing a zone on the map so levels are just you are putting levels on the mix but how do you decide like how high or basically what's the width of the zone or what are you combining in how do you basically draw a zone is like anything like i mean around the area so for example for um for spy it's like five to ten cents in the range um for a name like nvidia when it was expensive a month or so ago um five to ten cents is not enough then i had like 30 50 cents oh okay all right zones don't don't confuse yourself too much with the zones for now when you're first starting out the levels is good it works um zone pretty much becomes a line but you think of the line as a little bit wide line just like five cents above five cents below it pretty much or if you are really really confused you can just go to this your charts and actually change the width of this line as a thick fucking line and they'll do the job i see like anything in this fuck easy and that becomes a zone um i like to keep it this width which is books but we get the point so basically all i'm saying is don't think of like exactly at like right now if you look at this this looks like it got rejected off the line yeah visually you can see it's getting rejected off the line when you zoom in check how far it is from the line so what happened here it got rejected off the line but it is still a little zone so visually always you'll be like all right levels approaching let me get out if you try to make it like oh my god it has to be exact fucking number let me zoom in further and further and further and further you're never going to be the same okay that makes sense yeah much better yeah thank you much better all right um what tab on the discord should i reach uh do you um there's a channel called questions right here we actually started it like a day okay literally a few hours ago before it used to be this questions i don't think you'll be able to type anything in here now because we want to
it's just so hard to fucking get back to everybody man just questions see if your question is already answered before so it's more effective and you find the answer straight away otherwise you create a new post and you talk and you literally let us know what the fuck's going on and if if you see this um this right here that means it's answered already this blue tick uh this green tick means it's answered that's it simple great um in this illustration are you talking about the high highest price of the day or just the price of the stock overall the highest price of the day so we're the level where it got rejected yes all right beautiful hey beautiful you like the call hey i think i think i think this is the stuff that i like to do i like fucking drop making these slides man i really really do you want want me to talk about charts i can talk about charts whole fucking day no problem fuck this is what i enjoy all right um let's call it a day yo um but before we go before everybody goes let's take a little photo come on turn your beautiful faces on do your fucking hair whatever you need to do really quick we want to take a photo sweeney i see you bro all right let's fucking go hey let's go i love it i love it everybody didn't fucking turn the cameras on the moment you make your first money you need to buy a fucking webcam god damn all right take money out i bought chicken nuggets the first money i took out because i was fucking hungry all right i'm like oh shit i got paid let me buy chicken nuggets i'm fucking hungry i think i ate like 40 chicken nuggets by myself i had a friend who's like oh let me have some i'm like you touch it fuck i went through too much pain to fucking buy these chicken nuggets goddamn oh man but that's it guys um we're calling it a day you guys have fun um i'll see you on the call monday um on the on the trading call um otherwise i'll also see the new people on the everybody who's new uh i'll see you on the kickoff call all right you guys look out for yourself stay out of trouble and i'm out peace
cs6r1ben46ns72ptu7ngAll right, welcome to LTP on steroids Now what are we going to do in this LTP on steroids? What does it mean? LTP on steroids. What is the goal for LTP on steroids? What are we building in LTP on steroids? LTP levels trends patient scandals on steroids. Now.Here's the thing though You cannot Be a successful day trader Without LTP personally speaking That's me, okay second of all It's the same candlesticks that everybody trade Have you ever thought that it's the same candlesticks that people who lose money trade? It's the same candlesticks that people who make money trade It's the same candlesticks so now clearly it's not about candlesticks, you know what it is about it's about you It's about you being able to fucking make that money it's about you being able to fucking get to that bag But it's about you just realizing your mental ability in the real time learning those lessons When the market is shut so you do not learn those lessons when the market is open. So you do not lose money You see what I'm saying, this is so fucking important now What's LTP on steroids LTP on steroids is not a updated version of taking new trades It's not a LTP 2.0 LTP on steroids. You know what that means LTP on steroids means You are on steroids While you're taking LTP You are able to take fucking LTP with best of your ability Now there will be some definitions that I'll be changing in this LTP on steroids I'll change the way you look at charts.I'll change the way you look at yourself I'll change the way that you fucking control the way you react to the charts and I will give you some lessons That I have learned over the years slowly one video at a time I'll break down a few few lessons in that video looking at the charts Breaking down LTP and the lessons that I know a lot of you can learn But I have learned after years and years of trading that this particular module will be a Module that will go for a long fucking time. It might not I don't know how many videos I'm gonna be able to record in this module So this module might keep getting new updates every week or every two weeks right because Market is always Like evolving there's things that always change in the market All right up until here up until module 12 What you have learned is you have learned fundamentals you have learned how to day trade in this module You're gonna learn how to become a day trader and that's what LTP on steroids is It's not about an updated version of fucking how to take better fucking trades No It's how to take better trades with your best ability When you are literally on steroids and you become a fucking superhuman and ninja who's able to fucking take the trades That's what LTP on steroids is It's just an updated version of Yourself I'll say one more time up until you came to module 12 you learned How to day trade LTP From this point onwards You're gonna learn how to become a day trader, especially in this module These are two very different fucking things how to day trade Everybody can fucking learn how to day trade but not a lot of people can learn how to become a day trader And that's why this module is so fucking different There will be lessons there are activities as you go You're gonna take knowledge if you don't want to take it seriously, bro. Just fucking quit already I don't don't even bother fucking watching the rest of the videos because this is not your fucking random fucking modules This is how to become a day trader does that make sense you will learn a lot of things
in every single video But you have to take notes Have to take notes Go to take notes and don't try to be over smart When I say that if I'm breaking down something don't go on your trading view try to find which chart it is And so you can learn no, no, no, just stick to that fucking video and keep your pen and paper in hand Not your mouse in hand.Keep a pen and paper in hand and Use the spacebar a lot so you can keep pausing the video over and over again And this is stuff that you need to watch on a laptop or a computer or iPad or bigger screen Stop playing games and fucking watching it on your phone All right, if you take this seriously man, I very much believe that you you make a lot of money Sweet, so without wasting any fucking time Get your ass to the next video Start with the first video take it easy stick to that video only All right Stick to that particular candle that I'm explaining only write down notes And I think if you can do that man You'll make a lot a lot of fucking money because these lessons I paid a lot of money to learn these lessons And this is not like something Oh buy here buy sell here buy here sell here not that crap This is about how to become a day trader All right You got this keep pushing you That's all I'll say you fucking push and keep going Sky's the limit you That's it, all right Jump to the first video Welcome to LTP on steroids This is where we do some fucking damage. Yo, this is where we do some damage. This is where we go all fucking in If you were to this point ever fucking doubted yourself, welcome If anybody ever laughed at you because you want to fucking get rich Welcome.This is your place If you ever banged your head on the wall because you took a loss welcome, this is your place to be bro If you want to quit because something's not working Welcome, this is your place to be if you've been making money already with the LTP already. Welcome. This is your place Doesn't matter who you are, bro This is your place.And this is the one thing that attracted me towards trading But I was I Was a migrant in a new country where I was, you know, there were a few racist people in Australia big-time and Stock market day trading was the only fucking field that I figured because I had a job right this chick fucking who was I was working fucking my ass off, but I was working every day 4 a.m. To 9 p.m Every day and this chick started with me She started like a week after me or something and I was on a $10 an hour And she was on $10 an hour. I went to $12 an hour about six months later and She was making about $35 an hour. You know why? Yeah, that's why She was yeah So I was like just Okay There's discrimination I'm doing more work than she's doing I'm getting paid Not even half.I'm getting paid less than half. Why? Right, and then I figured out about trading like started, you know Putting more time in trading and this is the only fucking game doesn't care about your color Doesn't care about you white black brown purple green yellow. It doesn't care It doesn't care if you're he she they them These are whatever It can be whosoever you we all start at the even ground We all started the same ground and we push That's why I love trading so much Because everybody gets the same opportunity so Don't let this opportunity go to waste.I'm fucking proud of you for showing up. Let's fucking jump to the first video Let's do some
fucking damage Keep fucking pushing. Alright, welcome to LTP on steroids Let's fucking go
cs6r1bharggc72vnt5pgAlright, what is going on beautiful people? Alright, let's get to the next video. I hope you took the notes of the first lesson that we had. Lesson number 2. Right? As I said, the whole goal of LTP on steroids is not to increase the efficiency... Efficiency, efficiency of the system, the whole goal is to increase the efficiency of yourself.The basic goal that we have is not to make you feel like, or you have this system which is like, oh my god, something fucking supernatural, but the whole goal of LTP on steroids is to make you a fucking superhuman. Alright? So let's get to this one. So what do we have here? So we have a random fucking picked up a date, pretty much, and I'm like looking at this now.What do we have here? We have prices in the pre-market, playing around a little bit, whatever, and what's happening before the pre-market? Nothing really. This is the pre-market. We like kind of, yeah, we see what happens, right? Let's see.They still want to move in average on the top. Now every single day before the market opens, this is one of the things that you need to do, which is try to understand what the fuck is happening in the pre-market for you, or what the fuck is happening in the charts. So what do we have here? We have two on the moving average here, we have pre-market low right here, we have pre-market high right here, we have open price right here.Okay. This is the information that we can pick up. Open price is like the price that the market has opened, yeah? Yeah, I'm sure you know that.Okay, this is what's going on. This is the ORP low for now, but hey, we're on a five-minute chart, as I said on the previous, there's only five-minute charts and ten-minute chart examples, nothing else. And let's have a look at what do we have.Now let's see if the trend picks up. And it decided to push towards the upside, almost touching the 200 moving average. Sweet.Now, do we know the trend is there? Yes. How do we know that? We know that because in the pre-market, it started doing this as well. So basically, it's the lows, it's the higher lows, higher lows, higher lows.This is the highs, this kind of, yeah, it's still whatever. All the highs, same. This is higher high, and this is a new higher high, right? This is the open trend.So now what's happening here? We need to wait for a pullback. Let's see if it breaks the 200 moving average first. Let's see, wait for a pullback.A pullback happened. Sweet. Thank you.How do we know that's a pullback? Because of the volume. Look at the volume. So much.
But even if we do not have to look at the volume. Ignore the volume for a minute. How do we know that this is a solid trend? How do we know that it's a pullback, not a reversal? How do you determine that? Simple.Grab the Fibonacci tool. Put it on the bottom of the day. Do the high of the day.So far, we are holding. Personally, I like the 0.236. 0.382 and these are my settings. If you want to take a screenshot.Alright. These are the color settings that I have. The visibility settings that I have.Sweet. Now, as long as you're holding 0.382 or 0.236. As long as anything from this point to touching this point. Like anything before touching 0.5. I'm good.So that basically means it can go from anywhere. Pullback hasn't happened to anywhere till here. Before it touches the 0.5. As soon as it touches the 0.5. Bro, it's too steep of a pullback.So far, we are holding. I'm like, okay, but is this a patient scandal now? That's the question. Is this a patient scandal? No.Why? Because already it's not contained. Patient scandal has to be contained fully. Fully contained.Not even one little piece can be out. One little piece is out. And this containment only has to happen in the direction of the move.So that means if you're looking for a move towards the upside. It has to be fully contained at the top. Fully inside.Is that a PC? No. Let's see what we have next. Pullback. Sweet. Okay. Is it a patient scandal? Yes.It's fully contained towards the upside, right? Downside doesn't matter because it's in the direction of the move. But, oh my god, I just realized. Look what happened.It pushed back and touched 0.5. Oh my god. Now what do we do now? What? Is this trade valid anymore? What do you say? Yes or no? No. Why? Pullback too much.I would have held this. Yes. Sweet.Now does that mean we're going to take that trade? No. Let's see what happens. Playing around.Whatever. Still. It's still out of the game.I'm not taking this trade. No way. My event touched this.
Sweet. No stress. It's not our business.What the fuck is going on right now? It's none of our business. None of our business. No.Zero. Why? If you're not in the trade, why the fuck do you worry about it? Like whatever happens. Now this is where a lot of emotions kick in.Oh man, I should have taken that fucking trade. I should have taken that raid, because it's moving up, but in reality, bro, there's too much stuff happening at the fucking top and also it has pulled back a little bit too much. That's lesson number two.Just because the move is working, but it was not your plan originally, who gives a fuck? Right? Who cares? You see what I'm saying? It doesn't matter. Right? Okay, now what do we have? Next channel. Try it again.Now what happened here? We made a new high and this. Now let's get rid of this for a minute. Now we made a new high, do you see this? Let me even get rid of all the indicators, because we are not using the indicators, we are not using 21, the one that we are not using, right.Now what happened here is we made a this is before up until we haven't touched made a new high this was all potential high low yeah it was all potential high low because we haven't made a new highs yet so we like kind of yeah still similar levels it was all this particular cable made highs uh-oh that's not potential anymore this is the high confirmed that means if the price is ever break below this it might be a downtrend starting right I'm sure you have done this in the reversal module as well it's a downtrend started and the moment it breaks below this particular level right so we'll just mark that level really quick this is a trend levels now let's see what do we have oh well that does that mean the trend is broken yeah you can say that trend is broke trend broke already sweet but doesn't mean it giving us an entry I hope this is not confusing does that mean it's giving us an entry no no are we gonna look for a trade towards the upside here no are we gonna look for a trade towards the downside here no so what do we do we do nothing we stay quiet now what's happening clearly at this point every single candle I want you to every single candle is telling you a story what's the story that you can read from this particular chart right now wick wick wick wick wick wick wick wick wick wick sellers sellers sellers sellers why does a wick becomes a selling point because that's where exactly where sellers came in because the prices were trying to get up go to the upside and all the sellers are like where the fuck are you going I am sitting here I'm not letting you go above hence the prices turn around you see every single time we broke below that like structure has broken structure is gone basically right now is it a downtrend no is it uptrend no what trend is it it's sideways trend clearly sideways trend now does that mean it's giving us any entry no this is mistake that a lot of people make they're like oh oh what's happening let me look for a play let me hunt for a pay no in reality no trades heading up and then what do we have here is any trade no fuck we dropped now what started a little micro trend has started towards the downside we broke the structure it started pulling towards the downside like in the previous video explained a micro trend has started so after micro trend what we wait for wait for a
pullback now we got this candle at the bottom why this candle is so important we had some buyers come in here some buyers here some buyers here it was pretty fucking normal even if you were in a trade low of the day take some profits why not now let's see what do we get if we get an entry towards the downside after a micro trend let's see if you get an entry for the downside now let's get rid of this level let's wait for an entry not bad not bad at all now we will jump into puts the moment it breaks below this particular level yeah yeah we would be the stop-loss stop-loss would be on the other side of the cable that means if it decided to go below this below five or eight point one five level or one eight level whatever we are about to jump in puts let's see what happens uh-oh never given an entry now I feel like personally this is too much of a pullback well hey who cares let's pick up from this from the highs to the lows yeah this is too much of a pullback we go back in the range yeah yeah what happened we went back in the range sweet nothing there's no entry yet now it's not this is not an entry why because it made it too much of a pullback this is not normal this shit's not normal I'm not jumping in any trade I'm like no stress easy whatever doesn't matter right and then let's see what happens in the next cable boom let's see what happens the next cable we're not in a trade hey we are not in a trade right now we are not in a trade I repeat we are not in a trade and this is where ten o'clock happens and this drop happened from five or nine down to five or seven but we are not in a trade for a one and a half hour the lesson number one that I said look for your and look for your and I said this don't rush into trades no trades other than your A plus setups right now is any A plus setup setting up no but if there's a pullback if there's a pullback in the market is there will be a A plus setup setting up I think so but after a pullback you see what I'm saying not right now but it's 11 o'clock so we're gonna jump to a 10 minute chart anyway so let's see what's happening on a 10 minute chart right now what's happening in a 10 minute chart now that we are sitting on a 10 minute chart what do you see here yeah big move towards the downside no entry yet nothing happening now we're chilling and waiting for some sort of setup right there's no trade yet let's see what happens it's a big move but this is where day traders are made the goal write this down goal is not to take trades the goal is to make money and where are you gonna make money when you catch system how are you gonna catch system but fucking if you have trouble sitting on your hands this is what you need to do hey I'm about to break this down to you if you have troubles sitting on hands this is what you need to do you stand up you put your hands behind your back all right you stand up put your hand behind your back and you go you sit down you see what I'm saying but right now what's happening there's nothing happening doesn't mean you won't make money in any of this I don't know we're just going one stock at a time okay finally finally you got an entry what are we doing now short position below this re-shorting stop losses right here okay reward because as I said we do not have any levels we're just gonna keep the reward window shut for now okay we don't have any levels like we can go low of the day whatever but hey this is a decent push this is sexy fucking move this is very close to low of the day when it's very close to low of the day that's not the profit target profit target is the next hourly level because we do not have our early levels here in this particular case we're gonna do is we're gonna quickly go and check the Fibonacci's from the highs to the lows is it where my zone is yes so control this sweet now we know what we're doing and broke the low sweet now we're in a trade there's a stop loss we know the stop
loss what do we need to do we need to shut up and fucking see how this goes and it started working sweet our stop-loss is still sitting there no stress whatever we know the stop-loss now this is where you guys gonna start making mistakes you're like oh my god it's not going as fast it might do a reversal but you know the stop-loss if we haven't taken any profits even if we have taken some profits the stop-loss is very given but we assuming in this particular case we haven't taken profits here so we are quietly sitting there nothing's wrong follow the system nothing is wrong follow the system nothing is wrong follow the system has a stop-loss trigger yet Joe has the stop-loss triggered yet no where's the stop-loss trigger the moment it breaks about this particular point on this candle we're sitting but now pay attention to this you another entry is happening such a entry yeah yeah such a nice move let's see we're already in some position already and we might add more BAM that's how you get paid like a motherfucker right but that's how you make money literally this is it that's how you make money now what happened we waited whole day to catch our piece and the piece that we caught was let's say you know let me see if we can bring this let me just draw a new one short position right here stop-loss based on reward like we waited whole day to catch our piece man that's how money is made in trading like you might be like but yeah I'm just simply assuming like why would you take profits I'm simply assuming like let's say 505 is the next level and also man I am looking at the charts in front of you the first time as well I don't know what the fuck's going on I'm just like sitting there quietly and I'm just going through the fucking charts and now this is a fucking trade does it goes and touches you devil yes it did what do we do we take most like 50% off so the stop-loss break even right giving you another entry probably probably is it probably is giving you another entry are we already in a trade probably is giving you another entry and never entry never got triggered now this might be another entry stop-loss right you know entry and boom what happened went up with the stop-loss maybe break even of this trade whenever it hits but you made money but the people usually fuck up with when they see stuff like this happen they're like oh my god if I would have just entered the way I thought but you like Oh chief I would have just entered but next time when you see a similar setup you're like oh last time I entered on spy or last time I missed trade on spy let me enter and then you enter place your nose setup and then it goes like this but you are in puts you want to go down but you are like sitting in puts now and you lose in the fucking money what happened then that's where emotions trigger that's where you fucking never everything goes south but now if you pay attention to this what happened was made a new loss the structure simply broke now you caught your piece the structure is gone that means you made money great or just simply following a system with no emotions we're just sitting there patiently quietly no stress no worries watch his TV show if I can start watching Breaking Bad with the moment you get a you get your entry you trade otherwise you sit there quietly that's the power of you being the LTP on steroid trader all right you doing well by the way man I hope this hope you learned something but what was the lesson that you learned here the goal number one lesson would be here is the Fibonacci's okay the Fibonacci points which is important and I'll write it down with you as well okay so make sure you're taking notes first lesson that I learned it was Fibonacci points for pullbacks no Fibonacci points for pullbacks and the second lesson that I learned here is pretty much the same lesson that I learned in the first one goal is not to take trades the goal
is to make money money money money all right it's literally that simple man all right hope this makes sense I'll see you in the next one you doing well all right if I can go
cs6r1bn3rc2s72o4v590Alright, what is going on everybody? Hope you guys are having the best fucking day of your entire lives. Now, this is going to be fun. What I'm going to do is we are going to go over a chart.Before we go over this chart, there is something that we really need to understand. The whole concept of this module which I broke down in the previous video. I hope you understand that.I hope you understand what does this LTP and steroids mean. And how are we going to get to it. Get to the money.And what's the goal here. Right. Hope you know that.Also at the same time, I don't want to bullshit and say to you like, Hey, you know, keep going, keep pushing. Bro, think about it. You are doing fucking awesome.You know how many people fucking actually tell me that, oh, I'm hungry for money, man. I can do anything for money. I want money.I want to push towards money. And in reality, when I actually look at their fucking, how much time they are putting in, how much work they are putting in. Bro, they have, they are one of those people who have least amount of work ethic and they want the most amount of results.But if you are here watching this fucking video, you're doing better than 99.9% of the fucking people out there. I just want to let you know that. Take it from me.And I've seen it all. You're doing good. Alright, just put your fucking hand out like this.Tell yourself that you are doing fucking awesome. And I am, I don't know. I don't know if you hear this often.I don't think so you hear this often. But I'm going to tell you now. Bro, I am fucking proud of you.Like, I genuinely fucking mean it. Like, look, you can see my face. I can't see your face right now. Okay. But I genuinely fucking mean it. I know what's going on in your brain.You might be, you might have a little feeling, tingling feeling all over your body. But you're like, man, I fucking genuinely mean it. Coming out of nowhere and hustling and pushing, even when you're going through fucking hell at some point, and you're still fucking struggling to make it happen, bro.Universe falls in love with a stubborn heart. Good fucking going. You got this.
I promise you. You get my point? Be proud of yourself, man. Let's fucking go.We're going to do a lot of magic. We're going to do a lot of damage. And I'm just excited.And I can't wait to show you each and every single thing. They're going to make you a fucking beast. We're going to inject steroids in your system.That's what we're going to do. Let me see if I turn this light off. Maybe better. Yeah, maybe better. Easier on my eyes as well. So, let's get it, man.Let's push. Let's push. Let's push.Let's push. Let's push. Man, that's really good.I was sitting here, I'm like, I'm about to record a video. And I was just thinking to myself, I'm like, if you're watching this video right now, what would you be looking forward to? First things first, what I want to do is, I went, I'm like, I'm going to let you know, make sure you have a drink. So, if you don't have a drink right now, don't have a drink of whiskey, no beer, no alcohol.Get a coffee, if you have coffee at home. If you don't have coffee at home, what sort of home is this? What sort of home is this? Get a coffee, pause the video, and I'll see you in a minute. I know you didn't pause the video.I know you're laying down on the couch right now and you're like, man, I don't want to do this. You got this. Alright, let's start the stuff, man.Alright, well, what I'm going to do is, for this example, for most of the examples or for steroids, you can still use the 2-minute chart as much as you want for the first 30 minutes. But I'm going to choose only 5-minute chart. 5-minute and 10-minute.5-minute chart for the first hour and a half, and then I'm going to switch to 10-minute chart after 11 a.m. Eastern Time. Why? I don't know. I've back-tested this so much, and I'm so excited to show you this stuff.So, keep an open mind, and let's go with the first one. Alright, let's fucking get it. Alright, so where do you think I'm from? I just don't want you to look at the price action, what's happening.I just want to break it down slowly, what's happening. Alright, let's get started. Yeah, I made this, actually.I did a pretty good job, I reckon. Yeah, I did a pretty good job. Anyway, let's get to it, yo, and let's break it down.So, the first things first, I want you to kind of pay attention to the pre-market. What do you think is happening in the pre-market, or yesterday? What do you think is happening on the
charts yesterday? We are coming from a decent, like a couple days ago even, we had a decent trend. Look at this, such a sexy push, then sold off a little bit, coming back from a decent trend.Now, this is the highs and the lows. I don't want to mark anything on the charts, it'll kind of confuse us, but this is the highs right here. This is the highs from days ago, and let's have a look at what's happening in the pre-market right now.What's happening in the pre-market right now is we are, we have went up here. This is yesterday's, so everything looks decent. Now we broke above, as soon as the prices moved forward, we broke above pre-market high.We just didn't break above pre-market high, we also broke above, yes, you're right, yesterday's high as well. You get what I'm saying? So we didn't just break above pre-market high, we broke above yesterday's high. So the next candle happened, we're a little bit set off for the moment, but it doesn't matter.This all looks, let me zoom in a little bit, so you can see a little bit better. There's no actual fucking trade right here. Just stick with me, don't try to pause the video and try to peek and see what's happening.Stick with me, just love this candle. What's basically happening here is we have pre-market high that's broke above, and the trend started the moment it broke above the pre-market high. But does that mean that we can go out there and just buy straight away? No, we're going to wait for a PC, and if the PC makes sense with a restore reward, we'll take the trade.For this whole steroids thing, we do not have levels, like levels we don't have. So I'm not, this is me showing you about trends and patient scandals, plus a few things that I've been backtesting a lot lately. We're going to break that down.Levels is more of like an art, it's going to get better over time. Trends is more like a science. That's exactly how you need to watch it.Patients scandal is more like a science, so we're going to break down the science behind this whole thing. So now, I saw this, I'm like price is pushed above, sweet, let's see if it gives me a nice scandal. But this scandal, man, pretty much ruined the mood.Think about this, do you think this scandal ruined the mood right here? This is where the lows are, this is where the highs are. To me, this scandal ruined the mood. How? How do you think this scandal ruined the mood? Why? Because big pullback.This went from like what, 250.5, 250. whatever number that is. This is a big, massive pullback.You see what I'm saying? Based on the previous scandal, we had a big, decent pullback. So I'm not watching it, I'm like yeah, whatever. Let's see what happens in the next scandal.We had a little inside scandal, but does that mean that we can take a trade towards the upside?
Let's see, based on the Fibonacci, what it looks like. Based on the Fibonacci, this is what it looks like. It trends in touch, 0.61, we're not taking a trade, nowhere in the world.So we're like, no stress, no trend yet. It goes down and makes this weird candle at the bottom with a lot of volume. Look at that, check that out.Do you see it? Do you see this candle right here? How weird the candle looks. Is this any trend yet? Based on this, is it any trend? Yes or no? Let me know. Based on all this that you see, do you see any trend? What I see is, I see it bouncing off 200 moving average.What I see is it bouncing off pre-market low. I see it bouncing off a demand or area where the buyers could have come in. These buyers came in, prices pushed higher.Right here, decent push. Does that mean uptrend started? No. Does that mean downtrend started? No.That means it's still dropping around. Let's see what happens in the next candle. Next candle, we had like an inside vertical.But does that mean it's a play for the shot? No. Why? 200 moving average at the bottom. No, we're not doing it.Let's go one further. What's happening here? Anything? Nothing. And then we are going back.Now, can you see here for a minute? Can you actually just say, okay, from this point onwards, buyers came in and they're pushing the price towards the upside. Okay. This is decent.Now, if we draw the Fibonacci's here, or if we just bring the Fibonacci's back, the previous Fibonacci's back, this is what the Fibonacci's look like. Fibonacci's, it's bouncing off right now at0.382. These here, it's bouncing at 0.382. This is called minor trend. You get these two types of trends.One is major trend. Major trend is when we start trending all day. Minor trend is where the trend kind of can start.Like basically, this is where we started bouncing. Now, after a little bounce, even though on a bigger scale, only like a little bit outside of it, we're still chopping. But we are above pre-market high, we're above yesterday's high, above everything.And basically, that means if we ignore this 20 minute of price action, price looks pretty sexy. If we just ignore the previous price action for a minute, price looks pretty sexy. Right? Now, what are we looking for? We need to wait for a little pullback.Pullback happening. Sweet. Now, can we say that this might be a business scale? Even though we know that it's bouncing off this Fibonacci point, 0.382. Yes.
Why? Minor trend. This is called minor trend. Okay.And then we have inside. Just on a 5 minute chart. We're not changing anything. This is all 5 minute chart. Does it make sense? This is all 5 minute chart. Alright.Now, we're like, okay. Now, this looks like easy. This looks easy, but this is one hour right here.1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11. That's literally from 9.30 to 10.30. 11, 12 candles. That's one hour of you sitting there fucking waiting for a goddamn play.Think about it. FTP on steroids basically mean you become the steroid. You become the person who is going to execute like a fucking beast.You become the person who you always wanted to be. Once this information is injected in you, bro, you're going to become that fucking superhero that you wanted to be in the stock market. Does this make sense to you? But all you need is patience pays the patient hand that waits patiently to be paid.Now, you've waited for that long for your play to finally come to you. Now, what happens if the next candle goes down? Guess what? You didn't take a fucking trade. We are looking for a trade towards the upside because it's a micro trend.If it decided to go towards the downside, guess what? You're not losing anything. So, stop feeling sorry for yourself. Stop being a fucking victim.That make sense? You'll be like, oh, I waited the whole day. I didn't catch a fucking play. Nobody gives a fuck, yo.I promise you, your bank account don't care. Stock market don't care. You didn't catch a play? Who gives a fuck? But if you went out there and tried to chase, that's when your bank account starts caring.That's when you start fucking going down. That's when you start losing money. That's when you fucking everything starts troubling.FOMO is the reason why fucking most of the traders lose money. But because you have a system, such a beautiful system that fucking works, man, you don't need no fucking FOMO. Because you follow the system.So, in this particular case, where does the entry go? That becomes a patient's candle right there. Yeah? This becomes a patient's candle. Yeah? Yes.So, what happened? Trade decided to move towards the upside. Sweet. Trade decided to move towards the upside.Sweet. Yeah. And what happened? Look at that fucking thing.
It went. It went nuts. It went fucking crazy.You see what I'm saying? Now it's pulling back again. And it's pulling back again. Does it look like it's giving you another entry right here? After a decent pullback.After a decent pullback from the Fibonacci's. If we look at the Fibonacci's right here. Draw the Fibonacci's.Everything good. Now, it's still holding above the 0.236. That's pretty fucking sweet. Right? Giving you a decent entry again.Check out. This is where 11 o'clock hits the next candle. This is where 11 o'clock hits here.This is 11 o'clock right here. Next candle is 11 o'clock. What do you do when 11 o'clock hits? We jump on it.10 minute chart. We're already in a trade. Where is the stop loss? We already know our stop loss.Stop loss is right here. 250.65. Yeah? What do we do? We go on a 10 minute chart. So what happens on a 10 minute chart? Let's have a look.After 11 o'clock. This is where 11 o'clock happened. Roughly around here. 11 o'clock. Stop loss is 250.65. Guess what? Bang. Check that fucking move.Now, how do you fucking actually calculate? How do you actually make money off this? It happened over and over again. Look at this. Another pullback happened right there.Boom. Another pullback happened right there. Another fucking move up. Another pullback happened there. And that hits your stop loss. Sweet.But now, a lot of people would not be able to even catch this move because first, within first fucking hour when there's no trade setting up, you go and try and you try A- setups or B- setups or C- setups or fucking F- setups or whatever fucking setups you call it. Right? You lose the money in those fucking setups because you want to take a trade because you don't know how to control your emotions because you think taking more trades is not going to make you money because you don't know how to control your emotions and hence what happens you lose. So what do you need to do? Shut the fuck up, follow the system, that's it but please don't take it the wrong way.The whole thing what I'm going to say, don't take it the wrong way, I fucking love you and that's why I care about you so much but I don't want you to go up there and do some dumb shit in the market because you think that's the way to go, it's not. Keep going, keep pushing, this is only one video, there's going to be so much stuff that you're going to learn in this fucking
module man, I'm going to break this shit down but in this video the lesson that you learned was, hang on there's going to be a little announcement now, hang on, this is about to be my, oh man my freaking computer does a little announcement, it's going to be like four o'clock, I think, it's four o'clock, it's four o'clock. All right, all I'm saying is, the lesson that you learned in this video and I want, there will be a lesson in every single video of this module, there will be a lesson in every single module of this video, every single video of this module.What I need you to do is write down these lessons on a slide, okay, write down these lessons on a slide and then I want you to share these lessons with everybody in the discord and also under the comment section of the video, okay. What lesson did you learn from this video? Share it in the comment section of this video, there will be a comment, there will be like, you can add a discussion point, share it over there, start a discussion with other people, what do you think, what do they think, start learning, all right, you got this, jump to the next video, you're doing well, I'll see you in the next one, all right, man, bro why do my hair look all white, why does it look all grey, oh, I'm getting old, I'm getting old, man, I'm getting old, all right, but you got this, the lesson that you learned here is don't rush the trades, don't waste money on the fucking any other trade that is not A+, what for, wait, shut the fuck up and wait, that's it, wait for the setup, all right, sweet, I'll see you in the next one, all right, that's all I can hear.
cs6r1bq4n7ds72u1u66gAll right, what is going on? Welcome back to another freaking video. In this video we're gonna go over again, go over spy again. And now it's not about any chart you can, bro, I'm only gonna stick with spy, but you can do any chart, it doesn't matter.All right, and the whole goal of again, whole goal of LTP on steroids is to make you a superhuman, who can watch the charts a little different, to teach you the lessons as we go along. So you start becoming better and better and better and better as a day trader moving forward. All right, now, let's go over this trade.All right, or this day, see what's happening. All right, follow along with me. Okay, follow along.First candle's done. Every single candle always tells you a story. You always want to know what the candle is trying to tell you.You want to know the story behind it. In the pre-market, we are like, whatever, looks like a normal action in the pre-market suite. So far we have this pre-market high, looks decent, everything looks normal.Is any trend yet? Nothing yet. Okay, any trend? I mean, it went up, but nothing yet. Super small, right? Nothing yet.Now, can you say downtrend has started? Probably yes. Yeah, probably yes, you can say downtrend has started. Why? Because we broke below low of the day, went from high of the day to low of the day.Let's see what's happening. Okay, no stress. We're still waiting for our entry.We're still waiting for our entry. Okay, coming down. Let's see if it pulls back, gives us an entry.That's 10 o'clock, made a huge move, 10 o'clock. Any entries yet? No, no candle is contained yet. What are we doing? For those 30 minutes, we stay in cash.No stress. Let's see what happens now. Oh, here we go.Downtrend? Yes. Let's draw the Fibonacci from top to bottom. Ah, it went and touched 0.5. So when it went and touched 0.5, what is it now? Is it even a trade anymore? Can we take a trade towards the downside? Any trade anymore? It touched that area which I do not like.So what I'm going to do is, I'm going to just be like, no stress, I'm not trading this. For me, the rules that I follow matter more than taking a trade, all right? That's how I've been trading for a long time and has served me really, really well. And that's how I want you to trade because it is really, really the key, bro.Because at the end of the day, if you can follow your game plan, you will make a lot of money. If
you can't follow your game plan, if you can't follow how this whole thing works, man, you will make money for a little bit, but eventually you are going to blow up and eventually you are going to lose. Right, what are we doing now? Let's see, I don't know, I don't know if this is going to go or not.Boom, we're never in the trade. Are we? No. Whatever, whatever, no stress.Downtrend structure still intact? I would say so. By any entries yet? Nothing, there's nothing, nothing going on on this chart. Because this particular move already went in touch to 0.5, man, anything happens after that, I'm not interested.I want to see a break below this and then another pullback. This pullback is gone, you see what I'm saying? This pullback that we have right now is gone. So it doesn't really matter, okay.Let's see, boom, pullback, choppy. What do you, when you see this action, what comes to your brain? You know what comes to my brain? Chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, chop, like what? Okay, is this any trend? No. Can you even call it a micro trend? Personally, no.Why? Why not? It is touching this, what is it, 0.382, hasn't touched 0.5, but just visually, just look at this visually, how ugly does this look? Does this even look like a micro trend to you, like anything like a micro trend? No. So what am I doing? Do you want to jump in? Personally, I don't, because open price is sitting right there, price can reject at the open price because it's important level. I don't want to jump in because the risk, this is, this is what we're doing here.This is a reward, this is a risk, make sense? Does it even make sense? Risk in 45 cents to make 25 cents? F**k no. Boom, there we go. I rest my case, I rest my case.What's happening on this day? So far, 11 o'clock has hit, so let's go on a 10 minute chart, see maybe things are a little bit different. On a 10 minute chart, what do you see? I see still, I see chop. Even on a 10 minute chart, I still see chop.Anything? Heck, you can say this is a micro trend. If it gives us, gives us a pullback, we'll see. Nah, pullback too much, too much.This is not even a patient scandal. Look at this, went and touched 0.5, not even a patient scandal anymore. Okay, let's see if trend picks up later.No, nothing. Uptrend? No. Downtrend? No.All right, let's see. What do we have now? Uptrend? No. Downtrend? No.There we go. So what's happening right now? I personally think it's big time chop right now, that's what's happening. Look at that.Any trade yet? No. Look at that. What is this price action, yeah? What is this price action? What is this price action? Big time chop, right? And then we have massive move up.
Look at the volume, 2 o'clock. You know what day this was? This was FOMC day, 2 o'clock was FOMC. Now, when you know that, does this make sense for the whole day? Why was choppy? Does this make sense? It was choppy because it had FOMC coming.It makes more sense now, yeah? Now, what's the lesson that you need to remember here? Trading on FOMC is not worth it. Like what for? Your goal is to become a superhuman. You see what I'm saying? Play when you can win, otherwise what's the point? What for? Who for? Like what? Not worth it.Now, yeah, this is FOMC. My trend might picked up a little bit later, but nobody knows what's going to happen FOMC after FOMC. So now I can be like, hey, look at this.You can buy here, sell here. No. If early morning, if it's that choppy man, done.You're done. Done for the day. Whatever happens after that, you can be like, oh, but I'll catch this move.No, you wouldn't. Like what? You'll be able to stick around in these wicks that we had, crazy wicks. You reckon it's that easy? No, you wouldn't.There's no way in the world. This is, this is not the action that you can catch. Yeah. In the hindsight, you'd be like, oh, enter here. Oh my God. This is so much money.No, in reality, no. This wick that we have, this price action would be ugly in real time. This is not tradable.And I promise you, you, if you try to trade this, you'll buy it here. 100%. You always do FOMO and you buy here.And when you buy here, you know what happens? This is what happens. Towards the end of the day, market about to close, done. So what's the lesson here? Yo, let's write down the lesson.The lesson is not worth it to trade on days when we have FOMC news. It's just not worth it. That's the lesson.Literally, the whole point of me breaking this whole thing down was it's just not worth it. You're sitting down whole day. If you can't find a trade, you'll force a trade.You will force a trade. Mark my words, you will force a trade. You will force something.If you're trading here, you look in here, you like, you'll force something. And even if you lose$100, but that's like, even if you lose $50, even if you lose $10, even if you lose $30, you know what it is like? It's like literally grabbing a lighter, right? And putting your money on the lighter, whatever. I don't have any money sitting around, so putting your money on fire.Would you be able to do that even for $10? I wouldn't. Like what? $20? No. $30? No.
$40? No. I don't want to do it even for fucking five bucks. What for then? Why even burn? Like who for? What for? Why even try to trade? Because you do not lose.Here's the thing, yo. You, my man, do not lose money. You lose confidence.Once you lose confidence, it takes days and days and days and days and days and days and days to make that confidence fucking back again. So what's the freaking point? Why? Why? Right? I mean, you can try. I've tried plenty of times and I have made a little bit of money, but I promise you, if I have a choice, trade, not trade, I'll always choose not trade on those days.That make sense? All right. Sweet. Now we got three lessons for you that you need to follow to become LTP on steroids, because I promise you, if you listen to whatever I say, man, you're going to become a fucking beast.But the problem is a lot of y'all do what you fucking want to do. You're like, oh, yeah, yeah, I know, I know, I know. But then you let greed or fear take over.And then you know what ends up happening? What ends up happening is you fuck up on a day when things are not working for you. Just ask yourself this question. Out of all the days that you have been trading, if you remove all those emotional mistakes that you made, just because you wanted to prove a point to somebody or yourself, where would you be in your trading career? Would you be at a different spot? If respected LTP all the way, if you respected each and every single thing that I fucking told you so far, and if you journaled each and every single trade so far, and you try to learn from each and every single trade, and you journaled every single thing, if you did that, all that, to this day, follow the plan, follow the structure, follow the bell curve, stick with the basic principles that we follow, where would you be in your trading career? Would you be more richer than you are now? Would you have more money? Would you be mentally more richer? Would you be financially more richer? Would you be emotionally more richer? Spiritually more richer? Physically looking better than you look now? Probably.So, I'm just saying yo, I'm just saying. And it's not that hard to follow a fucking plan. Once you know what you're missing out on, it's not hard.Alright? That's all. Literally that's all. Don't start the next video.Don't start the next video as soon as you finish this video. Please. I want you to sit by yourself.Just look outside the window, look outside the house, look outside the car, just look at the nature, and just let my words sink in. If you followed everything that I've said so far, in case you respected every single fucking stuff, and didn't let emotions take over, followed every single strategy, and journaled every single trade, tried to improve yourself, where would you be in your trading career? That's it. Sit down.Think about it. Alright?
cs6r1c6n46ns72ptu7o0Alright, what is going on everybody? Hope you guys are having the best freaking day of your entire lives, yo. Now, what do you think, what do you see something different in me? Yes, I am going a little bit more handsome day by day, yes. But what else do you see different? I'll give you one minute.Alright, you know what, don't worry, I'll tell you, I'll tell you, yo. So what I did was, first, I bought a new phone, that's 16 Pro Max, bought a new phone, because why not? Bought a new watch, the Ultra 2 I think, because why not? And I dyed my hair black. Bro, I look like freaking 58, so I'm looking my age now again.Anyway, now we got that out of the way. Now you're like, man, who's this guy? I'm talking with a darker hair, who's this guy? Now you know it's me. Alright, let's have a look at the charts man, let's have a look at another lesson, which is lesson number 5 now.From the charts, alright, now what is going to, like what's going on here? Tell me first, what do you see is going on here, in the pre-market? This is 5 minute charts again, what do you think is going on in the pre-market? What I think is, we have an uptrend, so far this is all potential, the moment it breaks below this, then we know the downtrend has started, but let's see what happens as soon as the market opens, sweet, no stress, and then we head, boom. Now as you know, on a 5 minute chart, you can't just trade within the first 5 minutes, like if you're trading just a 5 minute chart PC, like you can trade 2 minutes, but for this LTV on steroids to make you a motherfucker who's on steroids making the money, we've got to pay attention to just 5 minutes. We can't take a trade within the first 5 minutes.It's done, okay, done. Next 5 minutes, it takes about 2 candles to form a trend, right, or 1 big candle and then 1 decent pullback and then we can take, basically you need first 10 minutes, you can't take a trade, can you? This first 5 minute candle makes a huge trend towards the upside, second makes a patience candle, third you can take a trade, basically first 10, 12 minutes, whatever, you can't take a trade. Now this should calm you fucking down in the market, okay, 5 minute candles is going to calm you down as soon as the market opens, otherwise you might be like, oh my god, man, I'm getting butterflies in my fucking tummy, I totally get it, but as soon as the market opens, if you're on a 5 minute chart, you're not going to get the butterflies in your tummy, you know why? Because you know for a fact that 10 minutes later I'm going to take a trade, first 5 minutes, fucking nothing's going to happen anyway, you get my point? So now, let's see what happens, now you can clearly tell we are in a downtrend, right, but there's a 200 moving average at the bottom, and the prices look like we are bouncing off it, now by the way, what's my settings for 200 moving average? This is my settings for 200 moving average, right, sweet, these are my settings.Okay, so you're like, bro, what the fuck, we're bouncing off the 200 moving average, now even if it gives us a patience candle now, let's say the next candle is a patience candle, and it is, this is a
patience candle now, how do we see if it's a good patience candle? Place it from the top to bottom, and this looks like a pretty legit patience candle, but would you take a trade if 200 moving average is sitting right at the bottom? Yes or no? Well, hey, don't just sit there, man, just say yes or no. No, right, why? Because there's 200 moving average at the bottom. So even if it looks fucking sexy, whatever, we are like, oh my God, this can be a beautiful trade towards pre- market, Lloyd, this is a risk, now we're not going to take the trade, there's 200 moving average, so it doesn't matter, we're sitting there patiently, no problem, let's see what happens, and boom, it decided to go towards the upside.Now, yes, of course, there are some strategies like advanced VWAP strategy that I've discussed in I think module 9 or module 10, you can trade advanced VWAP because it closed above the VWAP, and if you don't know what I'm talking about, please go and re-watch the advanced VWAP strategy from module 9, I think. Now, we closed above the VWAP right here, right? We can just pretty much go long the moment this candle closes, and we can pretty much go long if you want to, and that will pay, but we are here for LTP on steroids, but this is a trade as well, just so you know, this is a trade as well, where the stop losses usually go, where the candle closes, if it closes too far above, then we wait for the retest, otherwise, candle can close, like stop loss can be just below it, half the day, let's say, right? This stuff can pay, this stuff can pay very nicely, like for example, look at this, this trade worked beautifully, right? This is called advanced VWAP, again, please go back to the modules if you do not know what I'm talking about, but we're here for LTP on steroids, so let's talk about it. Now, we had an uptrend started, can you say we had an uptrend? Yes, why? Because, look at this, it bounced off this 200 moving average, and it hasn't stopped yet.Now, let's see if we get a patient's candle. Now, is that a patient's candle? No. Why? Because it's not contained within the previous candle.Okay, no. Now, is that a patient's candle? No. But can you say this is kind of a trend, this candle is kind of killing a trend? Like, look at this, such a huge freaking wick at the top.Can you say that? Now, I don't know if you're going to say that or not, but it doesn't matter, but let's see if we get a patient's candle, and then we'll draw the Fibonacci and see if that makes sense. Okay, you can call that a patient's candle, yes, but does that make sense? How do we know? Let's go and draw the Fibonacci's from the bottom to the highest point available so far, and we have touched the 0.5 level right here, this is 0.5. These are the settings for Fibonacci's, by the way. Alright, let me just pull it up a little bit so I can actually see it.Put this on the, not the center, but on the right, so I can actually see it. That's about it. Values, no values, I want the prices as well.Okay, prices are there. Sweet, that's about it. These are my settings.Okay, no problem. It touched 0.5. Now, does that, for us, does that make sense to go long? The moment it touches 0.5, fuck no. I'm not going long.
Now, does that mean that I might miss a trade? So be it. I'm not chasing fucking money in the market. I'm chasing my fucking ability to trade, and that's the lesson number 5 from this video, and this is the first lesson that you're going to learn from this video.Okay? We are not chasing money. What are we chasing? We're chasing the skill set. Like, literally, every single day that I'm trading, I've been trading a long fucking time now, every single day that I'm trading, I tell myself, okay, money, whatever.Money is the byproduct of the systems that I use. Okay? If my inputs are good, my output's going to be good. Does that make sense? More than making money, you know what matters? Not losing your money.That's what matters. Imagine if you fucking lose your money, $3,000, and you make $2,000, you're still down $1,000 of your money. That's the lesson number 1 from this video.Write it down. Write it down. If you're not writing this down, man, I don't know.After every single video, I want you guys to type in the, there will be a box below this, like discussions below this. I want everybody to type your lessons that you learned from that video. Okay? This whole module is for you.It's not about charts. It's about how to make you a super fucking human and ninja so you can trade the best freaking way. LTP on steroids is not about the charts.It's about you. So you become the motherfucker who's on steroids and who's able to make money. So the lesson number 1, from this video, is not chasing money.We are chasing skill set. Okay? And basically, in other words, outputs, this is the outputs, but more than outputs, you know what matters? Inputs. So you can just say, inputs is bigger than the outputs.Once your inputs are good, your outputs are going to be good. Imagine you're making a cake and you put fucking salt in the cake. That means your input is salt.Okay? In a cake. What is this cake? This is a shit fucking cake. Right? Just that simple.Your output only, what is the result of your output is only because of your inputs. So what you put in the trade is what matters more than fucking anything else. So this, even though this goes to the fucking, even though this goes to, I don't care if it goes to fucking 700.In one candle, I don't give a fuck. You know why? Because if you are lucky by not following a system, that's like you gambling and the worst thing that my father used to say is the worst thing that can ever happen to a gambler is that he wins. If you win, you're fucked for life.And that's why the people who win lotteries, they're fucked for life. They're backfucked for life, life, life. Right? That's why they go broke.
All right, let's see what happens. And it goes towards the upside. Shitty fucking volume though.Do you see the volume? Now, you know how many motherfuckers out there actually chasing this? They're like, oh my God, I missed this trade. Oh, let me jump in now. It might work.But the worst thing that can happen to a person when he's gambling is he wins. Now, is this a patience candle? Like right here. Is this a patience candle? No, it broke towards the upside.That's not a patience candle. No. You hear what I'm saying? It's not contained.No problem. We're not fucking jumping in. Now, if that means me missing out on a trade, so be it.So be it. Who gives a fuck? Because guess what? Your time will come. If the system says no trade, it's no fucking trade.All right? Here you go. You got a pullback. Is that a patience candle? Is that a patience candle, yo? You want to drop your Fibonacci's? Let's drop the Fibonacci's.We waited patiently for a trade to show up. Yes, here we go. Let's see what happens. Sweet. Decent. No stress.We'll go long the moment this patience candle breaks. Stop-loss on the other side. Now, let's say we're assuming that, you know, let's say we're assuming if you're putting your long position right here.Let's say we're assuming, all right, we're just like throwing a guess. This is a stop-loss. Let's say even if we even if we stand to make, say, a dollar, two dollar.Okay, that means we're risking 34 cents. We stand to make 34 cents. No problem.Like, easy. You see what I'm saying? Because I know the win rate of this strategy is way more, so it doesn't matter even if we're risking one to one. Anyway, this is like, let's see.All right, we're in a trade. We're still in a trade. Hit the profit target.Sweet. If it goes up even further, it doesn't matter. Now, it's 11 o'clock right here.So what do we do as soon as 11 hits? Now, you're in a trade. You hit your profit target. You took 50% off.You're still in 50%. Sweet. Now, let's go and check out the 10-minute chart.What's happening on a 10-minute? This is what 10-minute look like. Has it given us any entry yet on a 10-minute? Like, we're still holding the trade on a 10-minute. It gives us a little pullback.
Now, let's see how this pullback wants to go. That could be a patience candle. I don't like the volume on this fucking pullback.Do you see the volume? Such a nut volume. Anyway, no problem. All right, here we go. We have a patience candle. Yes, we have a patience candle. Look at the charts.Okay. $0.35. Let's say this is $0.35 as well. Just for ease of mind. Whatever. $0.36, $0.36, whatever. All right, sweet.Let's see how we go. We know we have stop loss. The moment it breaks above, we'll jump in.This is what I'm assuming. The moment this candle started, it went towards the upside. We jumped in a trade.Yeah, that's what I'm assuming. That's what happened. Like I said, it's a stop loss. Yeah, yeah, sweet. Okay, so the stop loss got triggered. No stress.It is what it is. Whatever happens after your stop loss gets triggered, you're not worried. All right, no problem.Now, here's the thing though. This is important. You waited the whole day.You missed out on a main move early morning. Remember in the five-minute chart, what happens after that? Like you caught your piece, you got out of the break-even, you jumped in a little bit more, sweet, whatever. Hit your stop loss, you jumped out, done.Imagine you're not jumping out here. You're like, oh man, let me give, let me hold with hope. Let me just sit there with hope.And it comes down more, oh, let me just hold with hope. Oh, let me hope, let me hope, let me hope, let me hope, let me hope. You're fucked.Like fucked. Write down, hope is not a position. Okay? That's number two. Basically, fuck hope. Or, maybe better, fuck hopium. Not opium, fuck hopium.Sweet? All right, no problem. Now, this trade is pretty much, we had a uptrend right here, so then we have a here patient scandal, so we can say this is a pullback, pushed up, another patient scandal right here, but all this never made a new high, so this is all potential. The moment it clearly made a high from here, so that trend is failed.Now, I want you to, I want to break down this trend thing again. Okay? What happened? This is where the market opened, the moment where the patient scandal happens, that's the lower high, or that's a high low. This is the lowest, where did the patient scandal happen? This is the
patient scandal happened, yeah? Yes.This is not a patient scandal happened, this is where it happened. That is our, up to this point, that's our lower high, or high low. This is lowest, price pushed up till here pushed back give us another piece even though the candle color hasn't changed this whole patience candle still makes it a new higher low then we made a new highs after that we haven't seen any high low yet so everything happening after that is all potential high low but the moment it breaks below the previous high low that means the trend has failed if it breaks below this the trend is gone the trend is gone now it's not an uptrend anymore that doesn't mean it started a downtrend it just means it's not an uptrend that make sense that doesn't make sense you know if not please please please please go to module 12 the main module 12 we have module 1 a module before this go redo the trend masterclass lows this is the noise this is the high noise because we got a patient kennel this is where the patient can happen to the high noise up until and this is like we made a high so this is highs right here this is higher highs and this is higher highs and now we pull it back up until we make a new highs all these pull back up until it break below this anything happening between this and this line is all potential it's all potential I don't know if you're gonna turn here maybe just before hitting it's still if it makes a new high that's a high low this is higher than the previous one that's how the game works okay now in this case this is where the patient's gonna was the moment the previous patient's gonna break the trend fails the trends gone done all right now you sat there whole day waiting for your fucking trade finally trade came to you hit your stop-loss so hope is not a position jump out fuck opium and the third lesson from this video or third lesson from this particular lesson for you is it's a simple concept man don't overcomplicate it the third simple lesson that I would say is kind of like I'll explain and maybe I'll draw and I'll explain okay okay the third lesson all because you have a pen paper and then I'll make sure that I tell you know go is to be a good day trader okay with a lesson goal is to be a good day trader what does that mean so okay I'll explain now this this is the market okay in the market market has two different types of traders one is dumb traders other one is good traders okay a dumb trader takes a trade right they both actually they both take a trade so I'll just say them they take a trade this person takes a trade too if the trade is green now the trade can be green or the trade can be red yeah right so if the trade is green he says it's a good trade if the trade is red he says it's a bad trade this is how the dumb trader thinks he takes a trade if the trade is green he says it's a good trade if the trade is red he says it's a bad trade right what does a good trader do good trader goes okay this is my trade sweet what's the trade though he waits for his patience can now there's a two different types of trades that he takes he just qualifies everything into one two different types of trades one where he follows his plan which is LTP one where he doesn't follow LTP okay if LTP trade is green he's like an LTP trade can be red as well if he doesn't follow it doesn't follow LTP it's green or it's red like every trade can either be green or red right so if he follows now this is a good trader if he follows LTP the trade is green so he's like sweet he follows LTP trade is red he's like ah well ah well I tried if he doesn't follow LTP he takes a green trade he's like fuck fuck I got lucky he didn't follow LTP but if he takes he doesn't follow it LTP and he takes a losing trade or a red trade says fuck again fuck that's what I deserved you can mark it as two different type
of traders dumb traders and good traders dumb traders take a trade if it's a green trade they say it's a good trade if it's a red trade they say it's a bad trade bro if you are this you're a dumb fucking trader you could have you still need to fix this makes me upset because the stuff that you know is how I made all the money that I've made and some of you all still think that it's not fucking working bro it's not working because you're leading towards more dumb fucking trader like you take a trade if the trade is green you're like oh sweet my life is so good if the trade is red oh my god my life is so shit that's why you let this get to your head but a good trader he divides into did I follow LTP or did I not follow LTP I followed LTP the trade is green wait that's what I'm here for I followed LTP the trade is red ah well this is what it is ah I didn't follow LTP and I took this trade it's green fuck I got lucky I didn't follow LTP and the trade is red fuck that's what I deserved a very thin line so the goal is to be a good trader that's a lesson number three from this particular video you got it yeah all right you're doing well you know you know the reason why I say that you've been doing well it's not a fucking some pep talk you rather be watching fucking Netflix you rather be fucking chilling you rather be chilling with the family but you're putting this evening you're sitting down after long day of work after fucking so tired you rather be drinking a beer and having a smoke and a cigar and fucking posting it online making making everybody online who sees yourself and you pretending to be winning in life but in reality you're not but you're not doing that part you know the reason why you think it's taking you long to get this money is because you're not scamming people you're not going out there and showing a fucking fake lifestyle just to make people in your life jealous of you for no reason you know what to do you know to sit the fuck down you know to fucking watch these modules you know to fucking show up and get this shit done that's why you here bro and you are fucking improving in life but that motherfucker who post a photo of his fucking cigar online saying that oh look at me I'm winning just to fucking make other people believe he's winning he's dumb he's dumb as dog shit but you know you're putting in time to get to the next level I just want I know that nobody tells you this enough but you're putting in time for yourself and for your family you're gonna get to the money all I'm gonna say bro I believe in you all right I can't see your face right now I'm looking at the fucking camera but I know you're sitting there you want to change your fucking family's life I believe in you I don't care what anybody fucking says all right you got this man keep going keep keep pushing jump to the next video straight away all right let me know in the comments of this video in the discussion box write down what lessons did you learn and push fuck them all bro fuck them all that's it it's just you versus you all right that's it let's fucking go
cs6r1c73rc2s72o4v59gAlright, what is going on everybody, hope you guys are having the best day of your entire life. Welcome back to another video. In this video we are going to go over another chart that I think is pretty decent.Everybody A. All in all man, you're going to learn a few things in this video as well. All in all I'm going to say is, you're going to be like, you're smashing the videos. Wait, as you're smashing the videos man, also just stick, don't try to do too much.Alright, as you go along with the videos, just stick with me. Pause the videos, watch the video on your computer so you can press the spacebar to pause the videos over and over again if you have to pause the videos. Because it is important, if I'm asking you a question, it is important for you to kind of answer, even though you know that I can't hear your reply right now.But it's still important for you to take part in this phase. Alright, I hope that makes sense. Because I want to make sure that this is super clear to you moving forward.And this is important stuff. Alright, now let's see, market about to open. So, here we are.Market opened. As soon as the market opened, what happened? We made a decent move towards the upside. 5.15 all the way.As I said, this is a 5 minute chart only. Only we are watching 5 minute charts. LTP on steroids. Made a decent move. Sweet. Is uptrend started? Probably.Let's see what happens. Another one. Made a decent move again.Now you might be like, but 200 moving average is at the top. But 200 moving average is quite further away. Quite further away.Quite further away. Now think about it. Let's say if we get an entry here.Your stop loss roughly here. There's a 200 moving average. That's a decent even if it's a big, like this big stop loss.That's still decent. You see, but there's no entry yet. So we're still waiting. And then, boom. We got an entry. Right there.You might be like, oh, it's too much of a pullback. Yeah, it might be too much of a pullback. You're right.It might be a decent pullback. It might be a little bit too much of a pullback. But, if you can visually see that the prices were pushing up.
And then we made a little pullback. Sweet. Now you can rely on the Fibonacci's.But I like to use Fibonacci's when I visually can't see the trend. Now if you're going to drop the Fibonacci, man, you can drop the Fibonacci. It might be touching 0.5. But in reality, we are not.Look at this. Right from the top. We are not touching 0.5. And visually we can see that it's a decent uptrend.Now what's the play here? What's the play that we are watching? We are watching, if it breaks this patience candle that's setting up right here. If it breaks this patience candle towards the upside. We are looking at somewhere.This is a stop loss. Reward, we don't know where it can head to. But just because we have to pick a level, let's say yesterday's low of the day.Being the first profit target. This is yesterday's low. Yesterday's low being the first profit target.Now based on that, we are risking $0.33 to make $0.60. It looks decent. Now we are in a trade and it made a decent move. Big push towards the upside.Sweet. We're getting paid. Now, a little pullback.But is this a patience candle? What do you think? Is this a patience candle? Is this a patience candle? Is that a patience candle? This is the highs of this candle and it made a new highs. That's not contained. If the highs of this particular candle is here, the next candle either can be same or has to be below it or can be the same.But can't be just making a little wick at the top. Even though it's $0.02, it's still a break out of the level that we had. So it's not a patience candle, but you're still in a place.It hits your first profit target right here. And what do you do? The moment it hits your first profit target, you take 50% off. That means if you were sitting in probably about 50 contracts right here.You jumped in 50 contracts the moment it broke this. Now you might be like, I'm not jumping in 50 contracts. I have a small position size or whatever.So just stick with me. What are you going to do? You're going to take 50% off. So that means if you are in 50 contracts, you're going to take 25 contracts of 50% off.Now what's the stop loss for the remainder of the 50? We have a stop loss break even of the option contracts. That means if your contracts, if you entered on the contracts at $1.10, right now it's at $1.50. You took 50% off, that means $40 a contract that you made. And even though you did 20 contracts, you made $400 already on this.And $400, even though you give back, the next remainder of the contract that you're holding
goes back break even, you still get to keep this $400. And $400 a day, man, times $252 trading days in a year, that's over $100,000 a year. So it's just about consistency that we are looking at.You see what I'm saying? Now let's see how we go from here. Go a little bit more higher, sweet. Now I don't know where the next level is going to be because I'm just showing you the charts for now.But whatever. And you're in a trade, let's say the break even price didn't hit yet. We're assuming break even didn't hit.Or even if break even hit, sweet. But now, does this candle to you look like a patient's candle? What do you say? Does this candle look like a patient's candle? You might be like, man, it's too much of a pullback. But how do we define that pullback? Go from low of the day to the highest point.What do we have? It's holding the 0.382 area. It's looking cool. So now what's the entry that we can be doing here? Is the moment it breaks above this particular candle, this patient's candle, we can be jumping into a trade.What's the profit target? First profit target that I'll have if we're taking this trade. The first profit target I'll have is this 200 moving average. Stop loss right here.Now I'm risking 42 cents to make 70 cents. Sweet. And what happens? Now we're in a trade.The moment it broke above, we're in a trade. Sweet. And it decided to go and it hits the 200 moving average for us.And what do we do? We take 50% off. Now you might be like, oh, maybe you'll break the 200 moving average and go up. No, no, no.That's not what we do. If there is a 200 moving average right here, you are going to respect the 200 moving average. If you think you're smarter than 200 moving average, you're wrong.If 200 moving average is there and our entry price, patient entry price, the risk to reward makes sense, and we took the trade, you're going to take 50% off. That means if you do five contracts here, man, you're going to take at least three contracts off. Now you might be like, man, but if I do five contracts, I can't take two and a half off.So one or two or three. I like to take the big position size off. That means if I am in odd numbers, let's say if I'm in seven contracts, I have to take 50% off.Now I can't do three and a half, but I can do four. I'll go a little bit higher. Sweet.That makes sense. That's what I do over and over again. Now we're going to take some profits. So now we took 50% off. Right. Took 50% off.
Where's the stop loss for the remainder? Break even. Right. Yes. Okay. Now it started pulling back a little bit. Sweet.And I don't think based on this pullback, the break even would have hit. But if a break even hit, sweet. If not, you can stay in the trade.In the early morning trade, you could be still in the early morning trade as well and added here if the break even wasn't hit. Now, does this look like a kind of a patient's penalty? What does it look like? Does it look like a patient's penalty to me? Because I am already in a trade, I might not add into my trade because of 200 moving average. If I'm already sitting in my trade, I will hold my trade thinking if it breaks out.Does that make sense? Just because of 200 moving average, I might refuse to add or use this as a trade and actually jump into a new trade. But I might be still holding my early morning trade and this trade. If I'm holding that trade, I am going to stay in the trade.And there's nothing that convinces me to jump out of a trade because my stop loss is simply break even. Now, if my stop loss is break even, man, I'm willing to take the risk. No problem.Let's see if we can break the 200 moving average. And in this case, it looks like based on the pullback, I don't think the break even would have been hit. And if we're still sitting in the trade, let's assume we're still sitting in the trade.Let's see what happens. Decent. Decent.Now, maybe pre-market high was a level. So what we're going to start doing is we're going to start taking some profits. Pre-market high, if you're still holding, let's say you jumped in 20 contracts here, you jumped out 10 contracts here, and you're still holding 10 contracts, which was break even stop loss.But now, because you hit the next profit target, we're assuming there's a next profit target, you can take five contracts off. Sweet. You took five contracts off more.Sweet. Now, you have made money on these 10 contracts. Let's say 400 bucks on these 10 contracts.On these five contracts, you made another 300 bucks because you made a decent move. Now, you're up 700 bucks already. Now, you still have a little bit of a position, just in case if the stock decided to push towards the upside.But the main important lesson that I want you to learn from this particular video is this simple concept. Let the stock market. Write this down.Let the stock market tell you if it is a good trade or not. That's the lesson. Let the write it down.
If you haven't written it down, write it down. Let the stock market tell you if it is a good trade or not. That basically means think of stock market as a sorting device.You see what I'm saying? So, let the stock market tell you if it's a good trade or not. Think of it as a sorting device. Sorting device, that means is, have you ever been, I don't know if you guys have ever worked in factories or anything, but in factories, there's a little sorting machine.That means they're sorting if there's anything that is not very good quality. There's human beings standing here or there's machines standing here. The stuff is coming on a conveyor belt and they're like, oh, this one looks a bit ugly, so let's toss it out.This one looks a bit ugly, let's toss it out. But the stuff that looks cool keeps going through. So, think of it like a sorting device.Let the market sort out good trades and bad trades for you. That means if it's a bad trade, you probably would have jumped, it would have hit your stop loss right here. So, let the stock market be the sorting device.Rather than you thinking if it's a good trade or not, we use the Fibonacci to tell us if it's a good pullback. We stay in the trade up until the breakeven hit, but you stay in the trade without letting emotions kick in, thinking that, let the stock market be the sorting device for you. If it's a good trade, you'll make money.If it's not a good trade, your breakeven will hit and guess what? If your breakeven hit, it is what it is. You see what I'm saying? So, now we made money, we took some profits and we still have five contracts still on hold. Give us another pullback.It looks decent. So, what we can do is, because we broke above the 200 moving average, we can be like, alright man, let's see what happens. We might use this as a patience candle and what do we do? Entry never got triggered, so we move this a little bit lower.Now, if you're like, man, maybe it's a too much pullback. If you think that way, I don't think so, but if you think that way, always can go to the Fibonacci right on the side, Fibonacci Retracement. Drop it from low of the day to the highest point available so far and if it's anything between this above 0.5, hasn't touched 0.5, anything above this, it's decent.Now, let's see if it pushes up even further. If not, it might be hitting the stop loss, but at the same time, 11 o'clock about to happen on the next candle. So, 11 o'clock happens, what do we do? We go on a 10 minute chart.That means right now, next candle open will be 11 o'clock. So, now we will go on a 10 minute chart and see what's going on. 10 minute chart looks like this.Okay, 11 o'clock, next candle. This is the risk. The reward maybe, let's say, is the next previous day, critical level right here, whatever.
Even though, okay, we'll just mark this for now and let's see if the risk to reward makes sense. This is the stuff that you need to do in the real time and you're making money, you're up decent on the day. Let's see if this makes sense.This is a stop loss. That means you're risking 40 cents to make 66 cents and now we are ready to take the trade. It looks good.Fibonacci is holding. Everything looks good. You have caught the big move already.You caught the move from early morning. We're looking at 515 to 517.8 or 518 nearly. Now, let's see what happens.It goes up a little bit and it might have triggered. I'm assuming right here that your entry got triggered because it held a little bit, whatever. Your entry gets triggered and comes back and hits your stop loss.Now, does that make this trade a bad trade? No. What happened here? Bro, you took the trade, you took the chance and what happened? That's not a loss. That's a risk that you took for the reward and what happened? Your risk got triggered.You see what I'm saying? Don't think of it like a loss. It was a good trade and not every trade is trying to teach you a lesson. That's a basic concept that I want you to grab from this.If you try to learn something from this, man, you're going to go fucking crazy. No, not every loss is trying to teach you a lesson. You know where people say learn from every loss? No, not every loss is trying to teach you a lesson.If you try to learn lessons from the losses that are not there to teach you anything, man, you're going to go crazy. And once you go crazy, you're going to do some dumb shit in the market. You see what I'm saying? So, take it easy.It is what it is. Your stop loss got triggered. What the fuck can you do? Nothing. Stop loss gets triggered. Get the fuck out. Alright.Again, it's not a loss. It's a risk that you took for the potential reward. But in this case, your risk got triggered.Sweet. You gave back the risk that you took. Nothing's wrong with it.The whole day, you should be still up on the day and no one trade should make you red on the day. If one red trade makes you red on the day, man, you know what the problem is? The problem is not the trade not working out. The problem is position sizing.Don't go in like a nutcase with like just because I've been making money, let me go with a thousand contracts instead of twenty contracts that I do. No. Stick around with the first trade of
the day, you do five contracts.Next trade, you do ten contracts. Next trade, you can do fifteen. Whatever. Don't go ten to fifty. Just slow it. Bell curve.Bell curve goes like this. Bell curve doesn't go like this. This is a problem that I see with some people.Bell curve goes up slowly. It doesn't go up like straight and then you're down like this. Sweet.These are the lessons and the basic lessons that I want you to learn from this. And let's say you stayed in the trade hoping that it will come up. Bro, this is what happened.Like, I mean, what? So, it's important to respect your stop loss. The lesson from this video is let the stock market tell you if it's a good trade or not. Think of the stock market as a sorting device.Don't use your fucking brain. It's that simple. The system works. Just stick with the system. Alright. That's where I can go.I'll see you in the next one. Much love.
cs6r1ca4n7ds72u1u670Alright, what is going on everybody? Hope you guys are having the best freaking day of your life. Welcome to another fucking video. You're smashing it, aren't you? Let's fucking go, man.Alright, so it's pretty much the same. Like what I'm doing is, like if you notice, I'm just going one day at a time. I'm just moving forward one day at a time from the charts.So I'm not just kind of, you know, picking the best days to just show you something on the day. I'm just continuing the charts from the same day. The next videos, the next days, the next videos, the next day.Kind of breaking down what is going on. Because I want you to be on steroids, giving you the lessons so you do not lose money and learn those lessons. Alright, let's start.First 5 minute candle is here. And within the first 5 minute candle, what you see is the lows is521.37. The highs is 522.13. Okay, let's see if it gives us a pullback. Yeah, is this a patient's candle? No.Okay, the trend. I want to really break down the trend in this particular. Okay, I went up here, kind of made a pullback, but it's not really a pullback.Why? Because we consider patient's candles as pullbacks. So it's just prices only gone here. Remember in the previous video I explained that we consider patient's candles as pullbacks.So this is like a decent push up, that's all. Haven't seen a patient's candle yet. So we'll just push it up to here.Yeah, so it's just like opened here. Push it up, sweet. Hasn't given us a patient's candle yet. So let's push it up, straight up. Okay, this is one big impulse that we saw. Let's see.Alright, finally a patient's candle. You're finally a patient's candle. Okay, let's pull back from this point to where the patient's candle dropped to.To here. Yeah, yes. Now this will stay like this up until we break the patient's candle towards the upside.It will stay like this. This is just a pullback because this is all hanging. It might go down here, it might go down whatever.Anywhere, till we make a new low. This is all still kind of uptrend. But will that make sense on a Fibonacci? No.Fibonacci will only make sense up until it doesn't touch 0.5. So far it's holding 0.382. Sweet, no stress. Alright, have we made a new high? No, this is still a patient's candle right here. So I still
am thinking of like, this is still here because we haven't made a new high.So we're not pushing it up yet. This is still a patient's candle. Based on the trend, I just want you to pay attention to just the trend.This is the most recent patient's candle. So we'll just pull this up to here. The other one is weak.Imagine if this makes a new high. If it makes a new high, like right here. And then comes back down.And then comes back down. Breaks below our patient's candle. Now pretty much you can say the uptrend has failed.We can start by moving towards the downside. This is how kind of roughly how the trend works. We just pay attention to the patient's candle or even the weak.Sometimes, depends. You get the point, right? You get the point. This is the trend.This is where we are right now. See how it goes. We never jumped in the trade because the entry never triggered.And started making a move towards the downside. Can you say that this right here, big move right here. Pretty much we are, Or pretty much like this is such a huge move.Like this is a micro downtrend has started. The micro downtrend has started. We haven't taken a trade yet.The micro downtrend has started up until we make a new low. The downtrend is already there. Let's see if we get a patient's candle.We might take a trade towards the downside. We got a little patient's candle right there. This is where we are.This is where the price is. Patient's candle is low. I am just trying to explain the trend.Can we take a trade? Let me get rid of this Fibonacci. Based on this patient's candle. Looks pretty good.Looks pretty sick. Looks pretty sick play. Let's see.Let's say we are going short. Let's have a look. We made a trade.It made a new low right here. This is what happened. This is definitely confirmed. What is confirmed? We have a highs. Lower high definitely confirmed. This is lows.Lower lows is definitely confirmed. Lower high, lower low confirmed. We actually made a new low low.
Let's see how much we want to go down to. It pulls down even further. This is where we pulled down to.This is the low low. We are catching this move. We are catching this play.Even if we say 1 to 1. Went down even further. No stress. We are assuming you took 50% off.That's not my point. My point is breaking down how to trade LTP. You will of course take profits around the hourly levels.We are still sitting in the trade. No stress. This has gone down to lows right here. Is this a patient scan? No. This hasn't happened yet. We haven't made any lows. This is what the trend looks like. Hope I am not confusing you. No stress.Made a new low. This is where the lows came down to. We caught this big move.Let's see what happens. Even if you want to take profits. The lesson is not how to take profits. The lesson here is LTP. This is how you trade LTP. We are in a trade.Everything looks pretty sick. Let's see what happens. If your break even hasn't hit. You are still sitting in the trade. Is this a patient scan? Yes. This is a patient scan.In a way, this is a patient scan. Even though it is ugly. Let's see where this pullback happens to. It is all potential. It can go up to here. That doesn't mean we are going to take a trade here.All we need to see. We need to see a hold off. We don't want to touch 0.5. Let's see. Let's see what happens. This is 382. Let's see what happens.Let's see how far I want to pull down to. It looks pretty sick. Pulling back.Pulled up. Let's say your break even hasn't hit. This looks like a nice trade setting up.Is this a patient scan? Yes. Still holding 0.382. We can still take a trade. Let's see what happens. This is a risk. We are risking about 37 cents. That is still decent.Let's say we take a first profit here. We might jump out the whole thing. Hold your 50% for a bigger move.Time is 10.40. Till 11 o'clock we can take a trade. Let's see what happens. Made a noise.Patient scan broke towards the downside. This is where the trade is right now. This is where we are right now.
Let's see what happens. You took this trade. The lesson I want you to pick from this video is initially we started as an uptrend.A lot of people make a mistake where you get married. Where you put a ring to your analysis. Don't marry your analysis.Don't marry a trade. Do not marry your game plan. Marry LTP.That's all. Lesson 6. Don't marry your trade. Even if you are not in a trade some people get married and get so biased towards the direction.Don't marry your trade. Don't get married to your game plan. Now this is what's going on.We broke below the 200 moving average. Time is 10.50. Is this a patience candle? No it is not. Why? This is 520.03. This is not a patience candle.This is 10.55. And now 11 o'clock hit. 11 o'clock hit. What are we doing? Fuck the whole analysis we did on this chart.If you are still in a trade. Fuck the whole analysis. Who gives a fuck.You took this analysis till 11 o'clock. As soon as 11 hits. It is about switching the time frame.You know what you do you get rid of your whole fucking analysis. It does not freaking matter We get rid of the whole analysis and now This is 11 o'clock, and we have okay really quick Let's do a quick little analysis. What's happening here.It went from this point went to the highs Okay, it went down to this this point Okay, then bounced up to here You see this then gave us a patient's candle on this particular candle you see this give us a patient's candle right here, and then made a move towards the downside and made a little pullback right here and The patient's candle is sitting right there Do you see what everything like quickly we did analysis sweet now Let's quickly draw big do not check if this is a patient's kind of legit So we quickly go and draw over Fibonacci points So here this is so far looks like it's rejecting off this is rejecting off your point Two point two three six sweet now. We know what to do. We know it this might be a patient's candle So we might go short the moment it breaks towards the downside so we are like okay.No, no, no stress This is the entry now where were the profit target is doesn't matter This is All right, no problem and The entry never triggered did the entry trigger ever no Okay, let's pull this up a little bit because that's a patient new patient's candle Okay Let's see if the entry gets triggered now Did the entry ever triggered no let's pull this up a little bit is this a patient's candle still yes it is why? because Hasn't in toward the direction of the trade it's still contained We're looking for a trade toward the downside you still in the trade. Maybe you're in a trade from the morning You still in the trade Yeah, we're not biased at all. We like fucking we're just playing the trend man.
That's what we doing We just we're sitting there. We're playing the trend and we're not biased at all right and Then boom are we in a trade? Yes Yes, we are we are in a fucking trade now Now again, this is just a random guess I don't know where you're gonna be we are risking 45 cents we can just say 45 cents just for ease of like Expert explaining this chart in the example, but this we took the trade sweet right and now what happened is we made a Direction of the move this is where the price is Yeah quick analysis looks bloody sweet, okay boom There you go made a big move. Yo, this was a fucking sexy move Now we don't know because of I haven't drawn hourly levels So we don't know where the price is gonna down how far are we drawing the? How far are we drawing? Profit targets or whatever we doing because we don't have the levels in front of us But this is a decent move like this.We're risking 45 cents. It's made of 60 cent move almost sweet Then this made a low still here Yeah, we took a you took quite a few trades. Everything looks sexy And now what happened we decided to make a make a pullback now Let's see where did it go down up to is this a patient scandal? Yes, it is There's a low it's right here.We need to see a break below this patient scandal for us to jump into a trade No, is this pullback too much? No, it's still nice. This is a pullback still 0.236. I Don't like this wick at the bottom because remember this is just a weird fucking volume huge wick But again, just if we have to take a trade, we will take a trade bucket who gives a fuck like we know the stop-loss We know the stop-loss. What's the worst thing that can happen? What are we risking? We're risking520.05 to 520.05 like we're risking 40 cents and we caught a big move In the morning, like I can't read all the move down already.No problem. Hey if the trade looks ugly we can always size down Yeah, this trade looks ugly if you have to take a trade using this as a patient scandal if you want to take a trade Maybe like I have you know, it's setting up. I want to take a trade we can just simply What can we do? Size down if it looks ugly size down.There's a lesson number two for you for you If to you it looks ugly if it looks ugly Size the fuck down All right, even I'm a I have prepared this stuff Everything is open on this particular screen. I have prepared these fucking notes for you already Even I am taking notes as we go. So if you are not taking notes, man, you're making a big fucking mistake It looks ugly so we size the fuck down let's see what happens We in a trade we jumped in a trade decided to bounce fuck.We know the stop-loss And it's a stop-loss Done, you know done Done it deceived you now whatever happened after this the trade has gone to being deceitful All right Now, of course like this in this particular in all these videos man I can only break down the fundamentals the real concepts that you're gonna learn is while you see me trade live That's where the real concepts learning is. You see what I'm saying? So now of course like this is like me saying now you might be like what's being deceitful? Yes on when I'm actually trading live where you can see my screen Almost every day or every day That's where I break down these concepts in the real time this has deceived us now It's no point taking a trade again, because once a bitch is always a
bitch once a snake is always a snake I'm sorry, but that's that's what I learned In my life. See you in a bit Now this day is done done doesn't matter what happens after this we done done for the day you took freaking nice moves you took a little stop-loss and Looked good.No, there might be opportunity setting up on meta but spies done. There you go All right, and that's literally This video and this is it No, man, that's a you know, that's it bro Man I'm fucking tired. I don't know why today.I don't know what's going on. You know, maybe I'm maybe I'm Feeling good. Yes, my hair is black finally Okay, I just I don't know man I just feel not 300% you see I'm just keeping a real Stop 300% Maybe there's something to do with Whatever man, I'll do what's required I'll do what's required if making this video for you is required.I'll do it doesn't matter how I feel. I don't play my emotions so That's a lesson as well for you All right, stop playing on emotions What's required you do that if after this losing trade it's required for you to just walk away bro walk away We do what's required. We don't act on emotions Fuck it Like sometimes I'm tired There was a module that I have recorded bro.I had 103 degree fucking temperature. I 103 degree Fahrenheit that was my temperature that I recorded the whole module in that You know why I'll do what's fucking required. Okay, I don't give a fuck If it's required for me to show up I'll be quiet Yeah, I'll show up if it's quiet.I'll show up. Fuck it. Who gives a fuck? You see what I'm saying? Like literally that's now, I don't know if a lot of people don't understand this but I What I did was I went and actually hang on let me show you something Went to Google I Went to Google and I searched what day is it went to Google and search what day is it? You wanna see what day is it today? So what day is it? It's Sunday and I'm recording this video if it's required I'll do it be it Saturday Sunday midnight 1 1a.m. 5 a.m. 7 a.m. 7 a.m. 3 p.m This is required.I'll do it same goes for you while I'm trading. I'll do what's required I'm based on emotions if you want to succeed man Doesn't matter what you fucking do it if you want to actually build something good in your life You're gonna do what's required same goes for me in case you I'm being sick and I was like fuck this man I'm gonna show up and I'm gonna do it because I am building something huge in case you case He's not just a you know, something that I'm putting. No case.He was like a live show case. He was a fucking It's changing lives. I don't think of just me.Oh, I don't wanna record a video. Why not? Maybe that video is what's required for you to fucking change your life There's a hundred people in there if I can If one video of that I record changes one person's life. I'm a fucking do it It's just my motivational effect after a while man.What once you have money for a be honest, I spent 3,000 Australian dollars on this point. I spent maybe about 1,500 bucks on this watch That's what is it 4,500 bucks and then I bought you, you know power banks and this and that but I spent five grand Whatever My bank balance
didn't move. I'm not just bullshitting right now.My bank balance didn't move after a while, man It's not about his money. It's not about money. It's about the the motivation the push comes from not money I don't know if that makes sense I feel make a bunch of money the motivation doesn't come from money the motivation like Elon Musk if it was about money He would not be working Jeff Bezos was money.He was not he would not be working it for all the billionaires It was about money. They would not be working because they have more money than Dude I don't know. Well, I don't know but how they fucking think but all I know is the way the think is It's more about the bigger goal in your life The bigger goal, what is the bigger goal? What's the bigger goal for me? The bigger goal is having as much impact in my life and I'll fucking change the game for most amount of people All right.Now some people hate a But if the cost of Me the impact that I want to have if if the cost of that is me fucking Going through hey, so be it. I'll do it. I'll do what's required Yes, sometimes something gets to your brain Sometimes you let it hit your brain like somebody commented on my own one of my post is like, oh man You have more gray hair than my dad.I'm like, well, I took it too hard. I'm like shit. I do.Yes So I went out there and I colored my hair. No, I don't know if you can see but maybe you can see now It's more about Just doing what's required man Sometimes you let your emotions take over But the end of the day if it's not hurting you in any any way possible fucking you let the emotions take over. No problem but when it comes to Hurting any single thing very like financially or somebody else that you should do it like I'm recording this video.I don't feel very well I have a headache My wife's fucking waiting Outside because we should want to do some stuff. I'm recording this video The only reason I'm recording this video is because as long as it's not hurting Because if I don't record this video it might hurt your success even by 0.001% I'll fucking do it So stop playing you on your emotions man, that's a lesson number three for this video Literally now you can't get rid of emotions and anybody that says you can get rid of emotions while you're trading They're full of fucking shit. You can't get rid of emotions while you're trading there will be times when you actually let emotions take over but What you do after you realize? You have emotions letting over letting like letting you take over your brain That's what actually makes a difference between successful person and unsuccessful person make sense So that's number three that you need to write down is emotions question mark No problem, I will do What's required? motions No problem.I'll do what's required. Fuck it. You got it.That's it man. Keep pushing keep going I'll fucking love you Go get a drink go grab a drink you deserve it. Don't watch the next video today Come to the next video tomorrow or maybe take tomorrow off come back day after tomorrow When I say this I fucking mean it because I can
see in the back and who watched this video and who jumped to the next video straight away All right You think I don't see you I see it So call it a day Back your back You did good Literally bet your back and walk away come back tomorrow or day after tomorrow All right, you deserve it man.I'll see you later. Goodbye
csart8pg1khs72ptvoggYo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo sized up. How many times has that happened to you? Well, you took a trade, you were not expecting to lose money. Now it's you were expecting to make money at this stage, and the trade is not going in your favor.And you sit there and you're like, and this this little, little drama or little chit chat going on in your brain. He said, right, right. The impact usually what the impact of this usually happens is, it is going to disrupt your emotional balance.She is a very thin line between you actually trading because we gotta we need emotions man at the end of the day. If there's no such thing called fear, we will literally put all the money in one trade, the whole account in one trade. If there's no such thing called fear, there's no such thing called greed, will literally catch a smallest freaking move in the market.We won't let any runners run, we'll catch a smallest piece in the market and we'll call it a day. Right? So we need emotions. We need fear, we need greed.Like, back in the day, I used to think having emotions, having, having any sort of emotions while I'm trading is bad. But we are no fucking robots. Right? So you need emotions, but there's a very thin line that we have figured out the balance that we have, like the fear is the bell curve, we try to overcome the fear with the bell curve.The greed, we take half off and then we let the other half run as a break even stop loss. Yeah, that's just our way of controlling the fear, our way of controlling the greed. So now there's a very cute little balance that we have.So if you lead too much towards man, I wanted this trade to fucking work. And this trade is not working. I'm such a fucking shit trader.That disrupts their emotional balance. Now you're just now you're trying, trying to find the way back to that thin line again. And this negatively, of course, this affects your future trading decisions.The moment you go off your balance, it's just something like the market can smell. It just it can smell when you're about to make a mistake. It knows when you're when you're vulnerable.It just it has this feeling inside it. To me, that's what I think. Every time, every time I'm thinking something, the market just knows beforehand.Why? Because it's my psychology. I promise you, it's not just you thinking it's, it's not just you
thinking it's millions of other people like you thinking this way as well. And the best way to say this is how many people here on software? How many people here? You design software, you upgrade softwares? Say me in the chat.Okay, okay, I have a question. I'm not a software guy, but I have a question. iPhones went from iPhone three, what was it iOS? But in one to now is 18.And the software has improved so much. And that has only been what we can 15 years of improvement. Right? That's only 15 years of improvement.That's it. And what do you think can happen to a software that is upgrading probably every single day for last 200 years? How powerful that fucking thing is? How insane that thing is? If you have to describe in one word, all my software guys, what would you say? 200 years of updating and upgrading every single day? Or every single second of the day? What's the one word that you all did? We'll describe it. I said, billions of data points.Yes. In fact, impeccable. Right? Why? Because it can it just now I feel like after especially this all this AI and everything has now become extremely smart.The moment you it knows that there's about 30,000 people who are going to act this way on this particular trade is going to make you act that way. And you will lose money. And we'll talk about this in detail.But that impacts your trading decisions. Because now you are trying to find the balance again, because there's a very thin line between fear and greed that we use as such. Okay.Now, what's the consequence? What happens when we do this? You make poor fucking decisions that leads to more losses. And that creates this cycle of guilt and underperformance. It's just like, man, I can't figure this out.And I've been trying so hard. Let me go back and study the modules again. All right, now you're coming back from studying the modules.Now you're back in the market. And their modules just boost your confidence up a little bit, right? Sometimes, hey, that's important. But then you take a trade.Now, because of the unmet expectations, you take a trade and let's say that trade turns out to be a losing trade just because it's not not a bad trade, but turns out to be losing trade. Now you're like, Oh, but it can't be let me just it can't be let me wait for five seconds. This trade looks too good.This can't turn into a loss. This trade looks too fucking good. Let me wait for another 10 seconds.Now this trade is making a huge move against you. Right? You're like, Oh, fuck. And you sit there, either you sit there hoping for the fucking trade to bounce, or you don't sit there, you
take a big loss.Now, the moment you look at this, you're like, man. Oh, why? Why me? And then somebody just to tip it off, right? Somebody comes in the discord and says, Oh, I've been here only for a week, man. I've made $15,000.Thank you so much. And how you look at the game, and you look at your loss, you're like, I've been here fucking 15 months, man. What the fuck am I doing wrong? So now you go and you start feeling guilty again, right? And then you go study the modules, come back to the market.It's just that cycle repeats over and over again. But it doesn't repeat just this way, but it repeats like this. It keeps taking you down and down.Yeah, sounds familiar? Anybody? Okay. And that makes you keep underperforming, keep underperforming. And this one, this one, somebody asked me this question yesterday, on my Instagram stories when I asked, asked me any question.So what's the difference between the traders who make money and the traders who are not able to make money? What's the one key difference? So the key difference is, from my data that I've collected from everybody here, yo, all of yous, the people who are making money, they, if you made this mistake already, it's too late to go back and fucking try to fix it, right? But they're two different type of traders. Okay, the first point would be, I'll say, traders who are just new, they're starting out, and this is new as well. So, the traders who make a lot of money, they risk small when they do not know anything, and they risk big once they know the fucking modules.Once they know KZU, they risk big. Initially, they were risking small, but as soon as they know the modules, they're risking huge. Yeah.On the other side, traders who are not able to somehow make money, they risk massive when they did not know anything, and now when they have learned the modules, they risk small. Right? I mean, what do you think is the right way to go? Which one? One or two? If you had to go back and you had to tell your younger self who started trading, which one would you say? Like, man, risk small now, as soon as you learn how to trade, that's when you fucking put some size on. But once you fall into this trap, oh my god, it's so fucking difficult to come back from this.It's so difficult, because now you're risking small money. When you're risking small money, yeah, losses are not massive, but your wins are like three in dollars, your loss is like four in dollars. And that goes on over and over again.And that's a slow, it's like death by 1000 paper cuts. You know, the paper cuts, they hurt. So it's like death by 1000 paper cuts.It doesn't hurt you that much, but slowly and slowly is hurting you a lot. And that usually starts with this one concept. But if you're here, what do you do? How do you come back from this
psychological point? Personally speaking, man, the only one way that I know is, and I don't know if this is gonna make sense, is you go and look, you look at your own journals from the past, where you were risking fucking big, and you didn't know what you were doing.Look at your old journals and literally try to talk to the guy. Like, see if you can talk to the guy. It might sound stupid, but asking this fucking question, asking yourself this stupid little question, you had no idea what you were doing, and you're still putting on size.Now I know what I'm doing. And now I'm like being a pussy. Or peach, my bad.Peach is a better word. Now you're being a peach. Now, only way that I have figured out, the only way that I have learned to, the only way that I have told other people to get better at this is, you go back, look at your journals.Now you come to this new journals, and you see if you actually followed the system, because there's something that you're doing that's still not right. And everybody here, you know that you're not following, there's something of the system, some part of the system that you're not following right, that you're not following fully. Now you're going to come back to this, and find out that one thing that you're not following through.It could be the bell curve, it could be letting your runners run, it could be small patient scandals, it could be not doing brain dump early morning, not actually journaling, not reviewing your journaling over the weekend, not actually writing down the three strengths and three weaknesses. There's something that you're not doing right. You figure that out, you throw me a text, we'll talk about it.Alright, if you figure this out, you'll know what to do anyway. That make sense? Yeah? Everybody? Alright, sweet. Alright, now, I want to talk about this loss aversion.Coming back from the consequences, loss aversion. What's loss aversion? Loss aversion to me is like a fear of loss. You sit there, and loss aversion is like, let's say, which one hurts more, you losing 100 bucks, or you making 100 bucks.And they did some studies, and I think, I'm not sure about the exact numbers, but it's something like nine times, nine folds. This hurts nine folds more than this. I'll do another experiment.I was actually reading this study, and I will share this study with you guys. They did a study back in the day, a few years ago, actually, where they put a little mouse in a tube. So this is like a tube, and they put a mouse here, right? And they tied the mouse tail to this little spring, and they would calculate the force that this spring would generate or this mouse would generate in PSIs or whatever the force is calculated.Anyway, they showed the mouse some of its favorite cheese. They saw how bad does this mouse want it, and let's see if it tries to push. Right? And they saw, it's like, yeah, they push in a
little bit, whatever.And then they did the same thing. But this time, the cheese is there, everything cool. And they did this with, same thing, but this time, they released some like fragments of a cat from behind.Right? And then they moved the cheese away. Then they increased the fragments of this cat. But the mouse is like, fuck, I'm about to die.I'm about to die, yo. And it pushed like, I think, what was the number, 30 or 40 times harder than this one. Even though he was about to die, he's hungry as fuck, he would not push towards what he wants.But now, just because he doesn't want to die, he's pushing like 30 times faster, or 30 times harder. What's that? What does that tell you about us as animals? Is we fucking, hey, the only way we push in life is when our back gets stacked against the wall. And that's me being, I do this, oh my god, I actually, while I was preparing for this session, I thought, looked at myself and I'm like, man, this is so me because I get comfortable the moment the money in my bank account gets over about 2 million, I get so comfortable.I'm just like, man, I get so comfortable. I don't want to wake up. I don't want to do anything.I'm just like, yeah, life is so good. But when it stays around this 400,000 to $500,000 mark, oh my god, I push, I push hard. So, last time when my money went up there, what did I do? I bought a car.Because I couldn't figure out a way what else to do. Because to me, and so many people told me this, oh, but buying a car is stupid. Why would you put your money in stuff like this? To me, I'm like, man, I usually, from the amount of money that I make, even if 15 days of work, I don't work that hard.Like, let's say 15 days, I'm taking it easy. I'm not actually pushing because my bank account balance is fucking, you know, playing around. What do I do? I'm not going to make that money for the 15 days or that much money, which I'm usually going to make.So, what do I do? I go out there, and I spend a little bit of money. Now my bank balance drops. Now I'm like, fuck, let me push.And I go get the money. And my bank balance is back at the same spot. Now I have the asset as well.The asset that has gone from last, this tourist was coming, and he called my car from last, what, 10 days? And he's paying about only 200 AUD a day in the car, yeah, for 15 days. He paid up front. He's like, hey, 15.And he's renting it out for me. Like, yeah, sweet. That's it.
It's asset because it's making me money back. I fucking love it. Absolutely love it.Actually, to a point where somebody offered me about, what, 30,000 or something to do for a few nights in my house. I'll pay you this much to use the house on rent for a few days. I told my wife, I'm like, we might move out for a few days, babe.Why? Like, I might rent the house out. She didn't like it. But all I'm saying is, figure out what makes you more hungry, and work on that, right? And fear of loss, back to the topic, fear of loss pushes us harder.It's just a psychological bias. It just emphasizes the pain of loss more than pleasure of gain. And it's scientifically proven.And that leads to emotional reactions. In the real time, when this is actually going on, trader skills sometimes stem from this bias, where you don't want to take a loss, where you lose 30 bucks, that hurts you more than you making 50 bucks. And now you're trying to recover from that loss.And you put yourself a little bit deeper in the hole. It just intensifies the negative feelings. How many people here after you have taken a losing trade, you look in the market just to try to fix or recover from that loss? Anybody ever did that? Like you just close a losing trade, and you go and you look at the P&L straight away.You close a trade, you lost some money, and you go and look at the P&L straight away. Now you're like, fuck. And now you're looking at the charts just because you want to come back from that loss because it doesn't feel right.And if you do this over and over again, you know, the person that you become, you become the person that you really don't want to be. Everybody here. If you do this, loss aversion leads to risk aversion.What's risk aversion? This leads to risk averse behavior. You don't want to take a risk anymore. You either take two massive risks to come back from the loss now because you keep going down deeper in the fucking hole.Now it comes to a point where three months later, two months later, now you are scared to take even a fucking trade that you know that can work. I don't blame you. Are you scared to use your own brain while trading? Are you scared to actually listen to your own call out? You know why that happens? Because in the past when you used your fucking brain, you fucked up.Now you don't trust yourself. Like, man, I can't do this. Let me just take a trade with Samesh.If Samesh's trade didn't work out, I'll just say, oh, Samesh's trade didn't work out. Oh, fuck. Too bad.Because it lets you, you know, go easy on that feeling of the emotions. Because as soon as you
blame Samesh or we, what happens? You're like, oh, fuck, at least I didn't make a mistake. I can go to bed easy.Yeah. Hey, how many of you are right now? You're like, man, this is actually hitting. I'm going to give you the solutions right now.I'm just explaining the fucking problem. I'm going to give you the solution. And if you actually follow this man, if you actually listen to this, we might as well find the fix today.Right. All right. Sweet.Now, loss aversion. First is, it leads to your cute little emotional pain. You know, I just explained, losses hurt more than making money feel good.And that leads to regret. And this whole thing leads to regret. You start agonizing over the past trades.And it causes, I used to be me, man. I was not able to fucking sleep at night because of this. If I'm able to sleep, it just be like, as soon as I wake up, I always feel like shit.I'll feel like shit the moment I'm journaling. Because I feel like shit so much, I won't journal my trades. I'll be like, I know what mistakes I made, man.I don't need to actually, I don't need to reignite the whole thing. I know what mistakes I made. I don't need to journal.I would just not make these mistakes again. Yeah. Hey, how many of you all haven't actually ever, like, there's once in your life where you didn't journal your trades because you didn't want to go through the pain that you went through when the market was actually open.And you're like, fuck this, man. I know the mistakes I made. I will just not repeat it again.And that usually happens because of the regret that you have. And the regret comes with you, this little guilt that we have. And the guilt starts with the first thing usually that I have seen with a lot of people.The first problem that I've seen a lot of people is this whole thing stems from like, think of it like, this is the tree. And these are the little stems of like, let's say regret, emotional pain, not journaling, all the mistakes that you're making and stuff. But there's a couple points that all these are stems.There's a couple points that are the roots. We always keep trying to fix this. But I mean, at the end of the day, man, if you're on the foundation of the house is weak, don't matter how much you try to fucking fix it up.So a couple points for the roots, the stuff that you need to go back and actually look in deep
into yourself to find the answers for this. First is usually most, I have spoken to so many traders, the first step is always unrealistic expectations. You think of yourself as a fucking sub ninja.You're like, I'm a fucking ninja. I can't be doing this because I'm a ninja. I can't take a loss like this because I'm too good.Or with me, it used to be, I can't, I can't be a bitch of the market. I'm the alpha. And we used to be like this back in the day.I can't be, I can't take a loss like this. Market can't make me a bitch. But in reality, man, you gotta know who's the boss.Because I'll quickly tell you a lesson that I learned in my past. I'm sure I have mentioned this before as well. A little, little something in my life.I started making some money and I started feeling like I'm the God. All right. I mean, I know what I'm doing.I'm like, I'm the top guy. I make so much fucking money now. Anyway, we were at the bar.And this, I'm sure I've mentioned this story before, but it's something that really made me realize who, who actually I am, or who actually I am. Anyway, we were at the bar and this, we were watching this game. This, this is like footy or in, in Australia, we call football, which is rugby football or fucking whatever.We were watching this game and this guy, he's watching the game and he stands in front of us while we are sitting. There's a bunch of guys, a bunch of us sitting. He'll stand in front of us.He's watching the fucking game as well. Asked him once, can you move to a side bro, we're watching this show. Again.And then he moved to a side, but come stand in front of us because of excitement again. And this is like a busy, busy bar. Like there's a lot of people in the bar now.Right. And then this, I don't know, over and over again, I have, I have had a few drinks and I just, I just told him, I said, Hey, can't you need to fucking move to a side? I was, I was a little bit rude. And he's like, talk to me one more, say cut one more time.And I'll say something. I'll kill you. I'll shoot you.And me being drunk, you know what I said? I said, cut. What are you going to do about it? What are you going to do about it? Bro, it's a busy bar. There's probably about 30, fucking 30 or 40 people there.I peep this, this tables, people having fucking dinner or lunch or whatever, fucking the eating dinners. And we sitting at the bar and this guy standing next to me and he pulls out a pee-poo
and he fucking puts on my head. He's like, say now, Oh my God, bro. I'm Shay. I'm like, man, there's a busy bar. Yo, with the fucking cameras.If this guy's not scared to fucking pull out a gun and put it on my fucking head, he ain't scared to fucking press the button. You know that, right? And I'm just like, and this is an, this is an Australian guns are not like legal. And I'm just like, she, but my mates jumped in and they like trying to calm this dude down, whatever.But I'm sweating as if I'm sweating like a fucking pig. I'm, you know, I'm, I'm like thinking that's it. Hey, goodbye.I go to the bathroom. He moved to a side. I'm like, fuck, man, I apologize. You fucking took it too serious. I went to the bathroom. I'm looking at myself.I could see a little, little round mark here from the fucking the barrel that he's pressed against my fucking forehead. And I'm like, I looked at that. Oh my God.Right. The whole life, my whole life pretty much got summed up in one sentence. And that was, you're never going to be that fucking boss that you think you are.So bring yourself fucking down back to the earth or you're going to get killed. I was looking at that. I'm like, fuck, man.Fuck. Um, that one lesson, I'm so grateful that I learned that lesson. Um, because every single time you think of yourself as some fucking ninja bro, I look back.I'm like, man, all right. There's always a fucking boss. You're always going to have a fucking boss in every situation.And that's a fact. Or you get killed. To me, I'd rather fucking live.You see what I'm saying? Does it make sense? It's the same thing I've taken the market as well. The moment you think that, you know, um, the moment that you think that you're, um, that you know what you're doing, the moment you think that you will show somebody who's the boss, um, that's unrealistic expectations. And, um, more because you have morals, you won't do certain things, but people don't.And that's the lesson that I've learned in my life. You won't do a certain thing, but people will. Like, for example, lately, what's been happening is, um, I, because of traders have so much unrealistic expectations, there's a lot of people that are capitalizing on this.Okay. Um, I was approached by, I think I mentioned this before, I was approached by this, um, prop firm guys. Um, it's big, decent prop firms are, um, and a few actually months so far.And, um, they offered me about, what was it? 50, 50,000, um, upfront, 60,000 upfront, and then
30% of every single person who joins the prop firm using my code plus the person who joins the prop firm gets a discount plus 30% for rest of their life up until this day. Um, they're gonna keep giving me money. And based on the data that they from, um, I was like, all right, uh, what's a, what's this, um, thing in my brain, I just wanted to see what the fuck's going on.Like, because I see everybody in the industry is promoting certain prop firm. Right. I'm like, let me see what's going on in the backend.So I'm like, yeah, tell me the numbers. He's like, oh, this, so this is the numbers. And we think you can easily get 250,000 a month.And I'm like, okay, um, okay. Tell me more. And he's like, also, what we'll do is, uh, we can place, uh, we can start a automated stuff.We can place trades in the backend. Um, because all the people that are in the backend, um, they're gonna have this fucking money in their bank. And you don't have to do nothing.Once monthly recurring starts, you're going to get that money. And I'm like, okay, um, okay. Tell me more.So whatever money from that part you make, we can, um, we can give it to you as well. And I'm just like sitting down, like, sweet. And I'm like, what happens when somebody starts making money? He's like, you, um, he's like, to be honest, usually they don't, but if they make money, we have certain criteria and rules, um, that they have to pass through.Usually most of them fall out at those criteria. These are like, Hey, this is the prop firms. This is how the prop firms are working lately.And to me, I was like, so we have one way at betting on people fail over and over again. Yeah. Like, yes.Like I'm capitalizing on that. Yes. They using my code.They're thinking I'm the fucking good guy getting them discount. Yes. But in reality, I'm fucking them in the backend.Yes. Um, I'm setting up a bot in the backend where, because most of the traders fail, I'm setting up a bot in the backend where when they go long, I'm going short. Yes.But when they actually make money, um, you guys going to put them through all these fucking loops. Um, now because they're like, I don't want to really jump through all the loops. They fall off.Yeah. And I'm still the good guy in front of the eyes. Hey, think about that.Think about that. That's like, I'm like, to me, in my brain, I was like, fuck this shit. Yo, fuck this
shit.And hence I have never promoted a prop firm in my life. I would never promote it because in me, my morals are bigger. But other people have never done it.Hey, what you think your morals are fucking bigger. Other people's morals are not there. And people do this and I see this and I can for a, I, if I want to this 150,000, maybe 200,000 a month sitting there for me to grab.And that's two and a half million dollars. I can be out there and be like, fucking, yeah, this is easy money. And I'm still on the good books.But think about it. Everywhere that you go, you are being a product. I think in case you use the only fucking place where whatever we do, I'm fucking upfront, guys, this is what it is.There's no hidden fucking bullshit. Even the trades Ella fucking code that's Umar sending me, I sent a message in the chat. I probably going to get about 10% because to me in reality, even if I make the 10%, but I'm not telling you, it doesn't feel right.Even in the fucking, even in case you modules, there's a when I'm explaining the trading view stuff. I said, this is my affiliate link. I'll get some kickback if you use it.But you don't have to. There's another normal link as well. Because to me, I rather do this. I don't keep up. I keep it very real. I keep a realistic expectations for whatever I do.I don't do it for I really genuinely want everybody to succeed here rather than being a product of the fucking game. And when I'm explaining these concept of when I have case you put together and because I few of the times in last few weeks, because the case you has been growing, I've had some people in the in my DMS asking me about the whole point of doing all this, whatever the whole point of doing all this is never but it's never the you become the product. It's always a you still stay the fucking human being that want to succeed because I see myself in you guys.Like my younger self, I can live through that younger self and make sure that younger selves not making those mistakes that I made. So everything that you see here, yo, I've gone through this, I've gone through the pain. There's only two ways you can go about it.One, you live through the pain yourself or one second is you learn from other people's pain and you try to level up. I always keep it real. If something's fucked up, I'll let you know.It was just my way of doing the fucking business. And I wanted to bring this up into this topic because it's super fucking super important for you guys to know that just because I got morals, I'm only kicking away quarter million a month just because of the morals. So I have best intentions for you guys.
All right. Whenever I'm explaining something, whenever I'm on the live call, whenever the case you modules you doing, just know that I want you guys to succeed rather than me asking you guys to sign up for this. If I'm asking you to fucking sign up for tradezilla, it's because you're going to help you not because it's going to help me in a certain way going to help you more than they're going to help anybody else.All right. And that's why I want you all to pay attention to this fucking modules as well. This stuff is important.They're going to make you a better trader to take note and give you the solutions to deal with this. And if you follow it, you're going to make money. So the first point is I appreciate you.This was important. I had to discuss this first point. Ambitious targets.It's cool to set ambitious targets, man. I want to make like I have a target that I've been working towards and I am sure that I've spoken about this so many times. I'm stuck and I have plateaued very hard in my business.About seven thousand five hundred to about seven thousand a month. I've plateaued very hard and I've been sitting here for a long, long, long time now. It's one month.I'm 700k next month. I'm at 550 again. Then I'm again at 750.Then I'm back at 500. I've plateaued at this area very hard. I personally want to get to a million a month.That's my goal. That has been the goal from last over 12 months. And it's cool to set ambitious targets, but I never actually, when I was starting out back in the day, thought about, oh, let me make a million dollars a month.It was always it was always like, OK, let me see if I can make. But I'm not talking. I'm not talking shit.I was always like, let me see if I can make about 50 bucks a day. That's how I started. And that's like you still have the ambitious targets for your personal life.But when it comes to trading, you don't need those ambitious targets. All right. If you keep a real deal, you will make money.So setting ambitious targets. Most of the time I've seen a lot of people where they're like, oh, I just want to make three thousand dollars a day. And when they because they're like three thousand dollars a day, when they make three hundred, they feel like shit because the guilt is taking over.They're like, oh, my God, when I lose, I lose 400 because you're not being real with yourself. You think when you take a loss of 400, you're like, yeah, no problem when I make I'm going to make
three thousand back. And deep in your mind, you have you started believing in that so much that you started living in this little delusional fucking world now where you think you're going to make three thousand.But in reality, let's talk in real life. Your biggest day has been 300. So being real and being actually setting ambitious targets.And that's OK. I'm going to make 300 bucks if I can make 300 sweet. Nobody that I know.I remember. Do you guys want to know how much money my brother used to make when he started trading first and he used to be like, man, what the fuck? I want to trade more. I'll only say you're only allowed to take fucking three trades in a day.Whatever trade you want to take, three trades in a day. If you take those three trades in first five minutes, you're done. And that's your max position size.Whatever you want to do is a bell curve. Start small, go heavy. But this is your max position size.You're not allowed to go anymore. And this guy will make like 50 bucks, 30 bucks, 20 bucks, 30 bucks, 10 bucks, 13 dollars or whatever money you make. And then he will be like literally go.Man, this trade looks good. Can I just fucking take this one last trade? I'm like, no, fuck no. Why? Because the moment you start telling yourself that the money is a little bit more important than you following your rules, then you're going to start falling.And it doesn't matter who you are, doesn't matter how long you've been trading. The moment you even once you do this, but you started following your rules more than you following the money, you're going to start succeeding. Be it slow or be it fucking quick.That's the only way that I figured out. So ambitious targets is important, but you can't let it get to your head to a point where you start living in this delusional world. You get my point? And people get, hey, people do this.And the second point is frustration. This leads to frustration. Unrealistic goals lead to frustration, where you're like, man, I want to make 3000.But what the fuck is this 50 bucks? I want to make 3000. Like what's this $50? What the fuck am I doing wrong? And that frustration, you know where the frustration comes out? You know where most of you guys take the frustration out at? You take the frustration out at yourself, in your trading account. You're like, I don't give a fuck.Doesn't matter what I do. Because I think that's the way we pretty much programmed. We were told like, oh, you can't take frustration out on anybody else.So you keep it in yourself. And when you keep it in yourself, now market gives you the way, gives you the tool to kind of do something about it. And you try to teach market a lesson
because you're like, man, let me teach this bitch who's the boss.Guys, everybody who's asking for TradeZilla, I will share a discount code. I think you're going to give you 10 or 20% or 30% off whatever the number is. I'm working with the team in the back end to get that discount running.Yeah, we'll get that running in a day or two. And that leads to frustration and that leads to you blowing up. How do you set realistic targets from trading? What should be realistic? The realistic goal for just understanding that you're not going to go from losing fucking $500 a day to you making $5,000 within a week.There's phases, there's levels to the traders. You're going to go from losing $500 to break even first. This is the only way that I've figured out.You go like you're losing money to break even. Then you make small money and then you make a little bit more and it takes so long to start making that real fucking money. But then it goes up like this.It's like compounding growth. It's so freaking slow, 30, 40, 30, 40, 50. Then you start normalizing $70 gains.Then you start normalizing $80 gains. Then you start normalizing $100 and you stay there for a minute. And then it all compounds where you're like shit, on one day you just go nuts and you make so much fucking more money.And that's it. So six months might take you longer. Everybody's different.Everybody has a different relationship with money. So if I tell you six months and now six months later you're like, man, I'm still stuck at 50. That's cool.That's cool. Hey, you're still better than 98% of traders. If you make even 50 bucks, 98% of traders will lose money today.You're still better than them. It's so much easier to just be the top 1% these days. Oh my God, it's nuts.Be whatever you do. See what I'm saying? All right, then what happens is when you do all this, you can start getting frustrated. You break your rules.And when you break your rules, what do you do? You start doing emotional trading. What's emotional trading? Ignore your rules when emotions is. You ignore your most basic rules.You ignore stuff like your position sizing. Or you ignore shit like forgetting that you need to let some of your runners run. And now you're emotionally trading.You just don't want to take another fucking loss because in the past you took this trade or trade
like this and you didn't take profits or you took some profits and the trade reversed so hard. Now you're like, you don't want to go through that one little pain. Now you're letting those emotions take over and you keep jumping out.You're like, oh, but if I let my runners run, what happened last time was this fucking dog bit me. So I'm going to, nah bro, I'm not going that way. It's the same example that he gives in, what is this? Trading in the zone.Because the past experiences we get, I don't want to do this. Right. And that's emotional trading.You're like, oh, because in the past this happened. And there's so much shit that you have done in the past. What about that? A trade reversed, two trades reversed.Now you're like letting, not using the trade properly, the opportunity properly. How many people who had your spot, you have no idea how many day traders come to me who want to be in KCU, but they just can't fucking afford in. And I don't let them in because I want to work with only the top cream.Do you want to know how many people would kill to be in your fucking situation right now? To learn all their system and actually follow this to the T? Who are desperate for that one little light towards the end of the tunnel? But after you do all this, after you know everything, we let emotions take over, which is cool. I'm going to give you the steps moving forward. But we do this shit and that leads to distracted trading.And when you're distracted, you know what you do? What's distraction in a way? You focus on everything else but the charts. You focus on P&L more than the charts. You focus on fucking everything else but the charts.You know why? Somebody told me this over the weekend because I had a little vibe that I made it. I think I sent a little voice message as well. I had a little vibe that I was rolling with that I made it.And I was literally, I was talking to this guy. I'll show you in a minute. Hang on.I was talking to this guy and this is his fucking house. This is his house. It's about, I think the house is now, what is it? You look at the house for a minute.You know what he told me? He's like, do you think you made it? Like, nah, you haven't. Like you haven't. You know what make made it means? He showed me and his house is fucking, his house is fucking decks.And I'm just like, all right. All right. And I'll send, I'll send the video. Hang on. I'll send in the chat. I'll send in the chat.
I need to find it. And he said, are you putting 100% of your time? And this was just like me walk, literally me walking down and talking to this guy. And I said, man, you got a fucking sexy house.He's like, I know. He said, wait till you see my wife. I'm like, oh, fuck sake.Here we go. Wait till you see my wife. Anyway, we started chatting and he told me this.He's like, are you actually putting in 100%? Because I was asking him some question. I'm like, I'm not really. He's like, why? I'm like, I don't know, man.I just like, I don't know why. Because you're scared that if you put 100% and you still don't see the results, then you don't have any reason or stupidity to fall onto. Now you can be like, oh, yeah, I'm stuck at this number because I'm not putting in 100%.But if you put in 100% and you still don't make money, now you do not know what to do. I'm like, fuck, that's so true. Because deep in my mind, that's, I have that issue in me.And that's causing me not to fucking get to the next level. And that's what I think exactly everybody else here is doing as well. You're just scared to put in 100%.Because if you do, and you still don't make money, you're gonna feel like a loser. Yeah, bro. But what if you did? What if you did make the money? What if you did give 100%? You did make the money.Because this is what the guy said. He's like, how do you feel now? I'm like, I feel all right. But you know, I feel like shit now after talking to you.He's like, okay, let's say six months, you actually give you 100%. What's the doubt? I'm like, maybe. Man, I might fucking feel like shit if it didn't work.He's like, so you feel like shit now? You feel like shit then? Same feeling. What's the upside? So he's like, so you're not losing anything. But what's the upside? Like, you're right.What's the upside? What if I actually did fucking make it work? We talk in different conversation. That makes sense to anybody? And, you know, when we're distracted, we just want to be distracted. The reason why is because I lost money on this trade because I wasn't paying attention to the fucking trade.I was busy chatting with people in the discord. It's just like a little thing in your brain. You're like, man, let me just do something else.So I have a reason to fucking blame something. And that's distracted trading. And now that all comes from external pressure.Man, just look at the quality of the fucking session that I have, you know, the photos, the nice colors, the fucking nice cars. Fuck, hey, I'm impressed. External pressure comes from you
comparing your results with other people, you comparing your results with our been doing it three years.But we, we started three years ago as well. And he's making so much money and I'm not. But, yo, we had me as a brother, we shared a bank account when since when he was not making money.So he had about three fucking three and a half million dollars sitting in the bank that he could physically see back in the day, you didn't. So you can't compare yourself with anybody. You see what I'm saying? Me and my brother, we shared a bank account since day one.Even now we share a bank account. He could physically see that we are right. Even if I lose this 10 grand, fuck, Sumesh would not even know the number moved.It don't matter. So trading from that perspective is a little bit different. So you comparing yourself, I've been trading only three years and we've been trading three years and he's seen so much success.No, but you were not sharing your bank account with me. I know what the feelings because I went from zero, right? So you comparing with anybody is unhealthy, man, because at the end of the day, it just fucking pressure for no reason. It's good, cool to compare, but in trading, it's not.I think trading is the only one. Trading is the only game where it hurts to compare. I compare myself.I compared my house with so many other houses. I'm like, fuck, my house doesn't have this. Oh, my house doesn't have this.I go on Google Earth and I look at fucking people's backyards. I'm like, oh shit, my house don't have this. I'm comparing.I'm like, okay, I need to get this fixed. So I have this and that makes me work a little bit more harder. But when it comes to trading, I can't be like, oh, we made more money than me and I thought we had a trade and there has been days where you guys make more money than me.I can't compare. Where I'm like, oh, Jonathan made 3000 and I only made fucking 300. Oh, my God, I must be a shit trader.That comparison kills in trading and I've learned that. And it's just in trading that I've seen. Everywhere else, it's important to compare.It keeps you hungry. But in trading, it doesn't. And that leads to basically pretty much what you do is you feel inadequate because you are focusing on other people's success.And you feel like I can't do this. And you forget the little things that you are stacking. You forget
because now you're just like looking so much on other people's food, your food's getting colder.And self-doubt kicks in, usually when we're comparing with everything. And that, yo, that, my dear friend, is called guilt. And that leads to you overtrading.Look at that, man. Those photos are fucking too fucking good. I couldn't figure out a way to move the laptop screen towards him.He's looking at the back of the laptop and he's crying. I couldn't find a way to fix that. He's looking at the back of the laptop and he's crying.I'm like, fuck, how do I fix this? I couldn't. So I'm like, fuck it. Who cares? This one, oh my God, this one gave me OCD.I'm like, man, I can't put this. I tried to fix it. I couldn't.Anyway, impact of guilt leads to you overtrading. And overtrading to recoup losses or just to make yourself feel good about yourself because now you want to make money and you want to see that you are the guy that you think you are. It leads to further losses and more guilt because why now you are sitting there overtrading because you just compared your result with somebody and now you're like, man, let me make some money.And now you were down 300. Now you're down 400. But then you go and check the discord.And this dude that you were comparing yourself with, he was up 500. Now he's up 1500. You're like, fuck, let me go back again.And you do this again. And that little cycle just keeps you down. See what I'm saying? And now what happens next when you're feeling guilty and you're trading? One is overtrading and next is you analyze the market so much, it comes to a point where you're like fucking paralyzed by the analysis, man, that you do.Now you look at this dude, he's scared as fuck. He's scared to take a trade. And now it's overthinking before every single trade because the past mistakes that we have done, it leads to you not taking that trade and now trade is working and now you're feeling like shit even more.Because why didn't you take a fucking trade? You see what I'm saying? Because now you're like, man, let me just double check. Let me just double check fucking 2 minute chart, 5 minute chart, 10 minute chart, 15 minute chart, 30 minute chart or there's 200 moving average on the 17 minute chart. I'm not taking this trade.You find a reason why you don't want to jump on a fucking trade. And that's because of overthinking. That's because you're fucking overthinking to a point where you miss an opportunity and then you come and when the trade worked and the trade is like a fucking 300% return and I'm printing and I'm laughing in the chat, I'm like, fuck yeah, we made money
and now you're sitting there and you're like, my life is so shit.I can't do this. I can't make money. What the fuck? I'm like, bro, what's going on? No, it's just because you are feeling guilty to a point.Market knows that you're feeling guilty. It's going to keep on pushing you down. And then comes sleep and anxiety.I tried to put the book loads on to this. I tried to fucking ask the AI put some fucking clothes on this chick. It wouldn't.So I blurred it out. It couldn't do it. I'm like, fuck, let me just blur it.And the AI be fucking wild last night. Oh my gosh. He has a long way to go. Right. I was editing this photo and my wife walks in. She's like, I'm going to bed.And he's like, what the fuck are you doing? I'm like, fuck, don't worry. Don't worry, babe. Impact of guilt, sleep and anxiety.You lose your sleep. Sleepless nights, anxiety, lack of sleep. What does it do? It affects your mental clarity and it impacts your training decisions.And now you're in that loop again. You're going in that fucking circle. You're chasing your own tail.Right. Or you look for. There was a student that I had who had all this, you know what he did in order to fucking actually go fall asleep because of all this guilt.He started drinking a little bit. He's like, I'll have a shot of whiskey and I'll go sleep. The shot became three, four.Turned out the dude blew his. And this is this is the worst story that I have of my in my masterminds that I did. He never joined KCU, but the masterminds, the worst story is picked up drinking to a point.They can't sleep without drinking. And. Mastermind was the thing that I did before KSU, right? Anyway, lost all his fucking savings.Didn't tell the wife. Haven't told the wife yet. Right.Lost all the savings. Lost his 401k. Hey, 401k, I didn't know the Americans, you guys can actually trade using 401k's money like you can actively day trade using that money.Yeah, he lost all that. And he's 50 something. Has two kids, two kids, nine and 11, I think.Now, lost the money. What is he doing? Started drinking and still has a little bit of money left
from like in the 401k. Start drinking.Now, he like the unrealistic expectations of himself thinking like you're a ninja. I told him, don't fucking do it. You regret this later.You cry. Don't fucking do this. Like I've ruined all this, man.I'm going to just give it a last shot. Bro, I'm not fucking sure you can refinance this house. Yo, refinance the house to take the money to trade.Think about what the fuck is going on in that dude's head. Like, like you losing that, bro, you losing about $200,000, $250,000 in in about less than two months. You haven't journaled any of your fucking trades.You haven't, like you have broken every single rule. You are drinking to a point where now you're drinking a bottle of fucking whiskey. Now you refinance your house and you haven't told your fucking wife yet.And then lost that money in about next one month because of drinking. He lost his job because he's losing his job. His wife now knows what the fuck.And now he told his wife and the wife took the babies and left. And now this dude is like, my wife is being unfaithful. She's not being with me when I'm down.And I'm just like, and he texted me this. I'm like, you for real, bro? I'm like, you're lucky that I'm not your wife. You're lucky I'm not your wife.I would have fucking killed you, cunt. Bro, she's letting you live. You see, that's, that's like us coping with the stuff the wrong way.Like, that's a worst, worst thing you want to do. It's a gamble. Do stress to make decisions.Have anxiety with everything. Like, and that affects your mental clarity and just the cycle that you just fall into. Now, some strategies, yo.I'm about to give you the source, how I fix this for myself and how you need to fix it too. But the cool thing about this whole, this session, man, every single color is matching. You see, it's not like a color coming out of the blue.I'm just so proud of myself. Real-time strategies, yo. First is self-reflection.Self-reflection, what I mean by that, you need to analyze your trades that trigger strong emotions. If you do not journal your fucking trades, yo, I'm sorry, you're going to be the next, this guy next. That hurts.It has to fucking hurt. You need to know what can happen if you do not follow your rules. Now, are you proud of your business? Yeah, it looks beautiful.
Yeah. You need to sit down every single day when you finish trading, journal your trades, ask yourself three questions for every single, I'll do a full session about this as well. You need to ask yourself three questions.Why did I enter? Why did I exit? I did stuff down, yo. What would I do better next time? For every single trade. Let's say you have taken four trades.So you ask yourself four times for every single trade. And now this is only the trading journaling. You haven't journaled your day yet.This is journaling your trades. What about day? So now you need to write down three points on your day. Okay.Now, how do you journal? How do you journal your day? I personally like to simply go. First question is usually in my brain. I think, I don't know if you guys know, in Tradezilla, you can actually journal your day as well.Not just the trades, you can journal your day. Some notes on the day that you want to write. I ask myself two or three questions usually.First is, did I actually follow my plan of the pre-market that I had? For example, in the pre- market, the plan usually that I have is I need to, first thing that I do is I need to fucking have a shower or I'm too sleepy. It starts with that. Then it goes, did I do a brain dump? Right.Okay, I did. Did I meditate for five minutes before the market opened? And funny enough, the days that I do not meditate. Now, because I have this data in front of me, the days that I do not meditate, guess what? Some of the mistakes that I make when I'm journaling my trades, I figured out there's mistakes that I make.If I was not journaling my day, I would not know that this was because I was not meditating. I would jump in and out of the trades a little quick when I was not meditating. Next one is, how was I feeling just in general on the day? There's a little thing that I think I have shared in the past with everybody as well.Let me see if I can find it. I have it on my iPad. Let me see.I think I have it on my computer as well. Give me one second. Anybody, do you guys remember that I shared this little Excel sheet with everybody? And the Excel sheet was about you putting numbers like 0, 1, 2 and the numbers and it will give you how your position size can be on the day.Anybody know that or is it just me tripping? I have it on my iPad. I think I found it. I think I found a version of it.I'll share this with you guys. It's a mood checklist. I use this every day.
You guys can see my screen, right? Pre-market checklist. Thank you. Please download this.Everybody, please download this. This is how it works. How are you feeling today? If I have journaled everything in it or everything is good.If I'm feeling good, I'm like 2. How's your schedule? How busy are you at? Let's say you're busy so 0 or 1 if you're not busy. How well are you prepared? I'm fucking prepared. How's your mood today? I'm feeling cool.How was your trading yesterday? If it's breakeven, 1 or 0. So look at that. It says cut position size in half. You see what I'm saying? Hey, I'm gonna fucking make you think 0. That's my whole point.Let's see how's your mood today? 0. Don't trade. Just don't. See, it tells you when to trade, when not to trade.Me, usually, I'm always between cut position size in half or go for it. And this is why some of you all ask me like, bro, what gave you the confidence to jump in? I'm just like, I don't use my brain. It just said go for it.I went for it. It said cut position size in half. That's why I had my position size small.That makes sense. So if you're watching the recordings, this would be under the video. And Mr Uges, can you also share this in the chat, bro, for me, in the KSU chat? And are there any other excels? I have a couple more that I use, but nothing as such for trading.But this is mostly it. But then I literally ask myself this question and I go, okay, what's my position size going to be? What was my position size and stuff on the day? And this is me journaling my day. How was I feeling? Everything is answered in that checklist.How was I feeling? You see what I'm saying? And that keeps you on track. And now I journaled. And now at the end of the week, I journaled Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.At the end of the week now, I'm sitting there, I'm like, okay, what happened? I look at the day journals. So Monday, I look at my journals, Tuesday day journals, Wednesday day journals, Thursday, Friday day journals. And then I try to find the overlapping things.Let's say I fucked up on Wednesday. What was the thing that I did different on Wednesday? Oh, okay. I was too fucking busy or I should have kept my position size in half.And then I look at my trades. So now when I look at over the weekend, when I sit down and actually look at my journals, my whole goal is to write three strengths, right? And three weaknesses. So three strengths.My three strengths were I did a brain dump every single day, every single day before the market opened. Second strength, I followed LTP in every single trade. Third, I let my runners
run, I took half off at the first profit target, I let my runners run really nicely.Three weaknesses, I didn't follow the bell curve properly. The second weakness, I kept looking at P&L after every losing trade that led me to trade for the P&L. Third, whatever the thing is, now your goal for the next week, and you need to write this stuff down literally on a small fucking piece of paper, like literally a small piece of paper, or something that you can put in your pocket.And then your goal for the next week is simply do more of the strengths and do less of the weaknesses. It's that simple. You want to do more of this, you want to make sure this is all followed, and you want to do one less of this that week.That make sense? He said, I use a dumb shit meter. It's really helped me keep me accountable, bro. Share that dumb shit meter.Let's have a look. So the first one is self-reflection, and that's going to happen when you actually journal. The second one is real-time strategy, which is self-reflection based on your journaling.The second one is journaling, but in the real-time journaling. This is real-time journaling, in the real-time, while you finish taking that fucking trade. It might sound like, oh my god, this is so much to do.Bro, nobody said making money is fucking going to be that easy. You're going to stand out from 99% of other people. Guess what? You have to be different from them.Right now, most of you, what you're doing, you're doing what that 99% of people do. You have to do a little bit different. You have to be a little bit weird.I don't know if that makes sense. You have to be a little bit weird if you want to make money in trading. Only weirdos make money in the market.You have to be weird, and that's just a fact. I've heard this so many times in my life. Oh, you're a weirdo.I'm like, yeah, I know. That's why I'm rich. That's why I'm richer than you.He's like, no, no, weirdo. Like a fucking bee, a little weird. It's time o'clock, you know. It's time o'clock. That's why. All right.Anyway, real time journaling. What does that mean? And I try to fix the spellings, man. I just wouldn't.I don't know what the fuck is this. I told myself maybe it's Spanish because I don't know how to read Spanish. Maybe it's Spanish.
That's why. Anyway, what's real time journaling, yo? After every single trade that you take, you need to start tracking your patterns. So, for example, you might be jumping out of this Apple trade, and you've done something, and you like, let's say you took profits too early.That was not the plan, but you took profits too early. Write down one word quick check-in, literally on a piece of paper. You want to make money? You've got to do this shit.Write down on a piece of paper. And me, the reason why I bought my iPad is only this. Look at this.What does it say? Don't lie to yourself. Look at that. The reason why I bought this iPad was just because of me doing this one word fucking check-in.I'm like, I think this was just my way of reducing my tax for the last year, but you can do it on a pen and paper as well. All right? Don't be too fancy. Okay.One word, you took Apple trade, and the trade, you jumped out a little bit too early, and now you're like, you write one word check-in, which is looking at P&L. P&L trading Apple. And where, now, you need a time tag for this, yeah? You need a little time tag for this, where you can put a time.So, when you're doing it on a pen and paper, you can write down the quick time, like, let's say, 10 or 9. Apple, this. Because as soon as you finish taking a trade, you do not jump into an extra trade straight away anyway. So, we have, usually have, because we wait for the last 30 seconds on the candle, we usually have a few seconds to write this down.But, because I am always on the voice, and there's always something fucking going on, or there's always some story that I'm telling, there's always something fucking I'm talking about. Man, because of you guys, my coffee's cold now. Alright, so, what I do is, I have this channel in my team, for my team, for my work stuff, we use Slack.In Slack, I have made this channel, that's a private channel, I usually just send messages in that Slack personal chat. Okay, so, what happens is, now, it tells you, okay, this is the time that you sent this message to. This person, or you can send, before this, I was using my phone to quickly send messages, I used to send a message to myself on WhatsApp.So, on WhatsApp, because every single message has a little time thing, so it tells you what time. So, when I'm journaling, I'll open this WhatsApp chat, and I'm journaling, I'm like, oh, I had this feeling when I finished this Apple trade, let me journal this. Does it make sense? So, WhatsApp yourself.Alright, this is done, and you need to track patterns, you need to track patterns like, when I take a trade, or sometimes you'll be like, oh, when I'm taking a reversal trade, I lose more money, and when I lose more money, I'm looking at the P&L, when I'm looking at the P&L, I just wanna come back from the losing trade, by making some money, and that leads me to go on this
downward spiral on the deck. Now, that's a pattern. If that happens over and over again, once you start journaling this, you're gonna know this is a pattern.And next time, when you're about to take a reversal trade, you're like, man, is it really fucking worth it? Even if I make, let's say, 500 bucks, but is it really worth it if it triggered me to a downward spiral and I lose 1000? You know what? Fuck it, don't worry about it. And you call it, you don't wanna take that trade. And that makes you just be aware of the patterns that you have seen in your trading.And these patterns that we all see, and they're different for everybody. Make sense? And then comes, you just, I know this is cliche, but at the end of the day, man, cliches are fucking important. You need to embrace your fucking some losses.And the losses, the losses that are inevitable, the losses that you can't do anything about, the losses that you took a LTP and there's nothing that you could have done different. Those are the stuff that you need to literally go, it is what it is. I can't do shit about it.There's nothing that I can do about this trade that there or there's nothing about this trade that I've done that I don't wanna do next time. This trade was a beautiful trade. Those are the losses that you need to embrace.Thank you guys. So embrace your losses. Some of them are inevitable with them as just learning opportunities for growth.If there's anything for you to learn from. Big mistake that a lot of you make is you take a loss. You look at like, what can I learn? But there's some losses you can't learn shit from.You followed your LTP, you followed your plan, and the trade didn't work. Why did the trade not work? Who told you the fucking, you think LTP is 100% win rate? No. That means you're gonna be from losing trades.And you trying to find the lesson from the losing trade is fucking your brain. It's just frying your brain. Like, there's nothing there to learn.And a lot of you do not try to learn from your winning trades. You're like, I made money. What do I need to fucking learn? What do I need to learn from this? Well, you made money by not respecting your stop loss.Next time you don't respect your stop loss, there's gonna be a massive loss and that massive loss is gonna wipe you out. So there's some stuff that you can learn from your winning trades. There's some stuff that you can learn from your losing trades.You need to pay attention to this shit. Green doesn't mean good. Red doesn't mean bad.All the time. It's those little things that you have a little, you know, told yourself, where if you make money, you're like, yeah, I made money, doesn't matter how much you did. That's only
good if you just want to be a trader for today and you want to just quit trading for tomorrow.Like, you're like, man, I just got lucky today. I don't want to fucking do it ever again. But bro, when the fuck we want to do this for next 30 years, probably next 20 years, probably.And you want to fucking trade like that, where you don't want to learn a lesson from something that you did wrong. It is what it is. Sometimes you've got to just take your L and there's a couple L's in a million.Think about it. So embrace your losses. And then comes setting realistic goals.Now, I personally, personally think in trading, not every single month is going to be the same. Some months you're going to make a lot of money. Some months you're going to not make a lot of money.And I think I'm the living example in front of you guys. There's some months that I made about like $300,000 this year. There was a month that in this year that one trade, because of one trade, I made about $600,000 in that month.And the next month I made like $30,000. Like, think about it. How big of a difference that is.You know, if you remove a couple zeros, let's say you're making $6,000 one month and next month you make fucking what, $30? Or even less? Yeah. Yeah, think about it. How do you think of, how do you think of that whole thing as, what does it make you feel like when you're like, Oh, I made that much money last month and now I'll make this much? Right? And instead I asked you to give me realistic risk management.Nah, it don't work. It doesn't work. It won't work.It doesn't matter how much you use your brain. It won't work. It's cool to just know that those numbers look cool.And those are important in a way to kind of tell you if you look, if you stay consistent. But if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you don't, if you but in reality trading doesn't work that way. In reality, like it's like when you focus you're sitting down and you're focusing.And when I was like when I'm designing, like let's say when I'm making slides for KCU, um, like these slides took me about probably three, three and a half hours, doing a brain dump, then sitting down and actually blind putting them all in different cards and those cards go into power points and then designing the power points, takes me about three, four hours. Um, and
when you're in the zone, Marge is like, hey, can you come here for a minute? Now, she's like, oh, I didn't know that you, I didn't know you were, um, in the zone. Yeah, I'm sorry, I'll go now.Like, it doesn't work that way. Once you're in a zone, you're out of the zone. It is what it is.There's gonna be some distractions. And that same way in the market as well, there is going to be some stuff that you do, which is stupid. I still do stupid shit sometimes.I still lose money in the market with stupid dumb shit. But in reality, yo, um, how quickly can you pull back from it? How quickly can you realize, oh, fucked up, fuck, I'm out. You see? Setting realistic goals.What does that mean is, you set achievable targets. It's just going to reduce the pressure to perform. It just, hey, that way the game works.It's going to help you minimize guilt. Um, you're going to force a consistent growth. That's what we want.And when you tell everybody about the fucking, um, you know, goal, I know some of you all fucking like to tell everybody about where you're going to be in one day in life. That's key. That's keeping you under a lot of pressure as well.You want other people to look at it through a lens of, um, that you made it. Because you are working on yourself and you want other people to respect your fucking vision. Um, bro, let me tell you from my personal life, nobody cares until you're rich.It doesn't matter who you try to tell some, hey, you shouldn't be doing this. Nah, if you're not rich, nobody cares. My brother didn't fucking care up until I was rich.He started trading my, mate, V, he started trading after I made money. Before that, he would be like, yeah, you can't do it. That was my brother's words.You can't do it. If it was that easy, everybody would have done it. And that was his words.I, I was, now, am I mad at him? No. It was just like, no, him not believing in me. It was just him thinking in the box.And I was like, normal people think you can't do it. I'm not normal. Fuck it.I'm gonna do it. And initially I thought he was right because I was not able to do it. I tried my best for over a year, year and a half almost.I was not able to do it. I'm like, man, maybe he's right. But just before I quit, there was something that has a little light that I saw that made me fucking where I am.And that usually happens and has happened to me so many times. You know, they say darkest hours usually just before the dawn. And that's so true.
Right. So set realistic goals, yo. It's important.And then, I know this sounds stupid, but this has helped me and I'm only breaking down what has helped me in my life. Mindfulness, yo. Mindfulness, literally.Sit the fuck down and breathe. This is how I do it, yo. Alright, so I go to the timer on my thing.I go to the timer and I have like 15 minutes or 20 minutes or 10 minutes and I press start. Alright, as soon as the timer goes on, phone locked like this, put it here. I close my eyes and I breathe.I just breathe and breathe. You know what meditation is? Meditation is not fucking just like breathing in and out. Meditation is the moment you start thinking about something else, your ability to bring the thoughts back to that one, that breathing thing.Does it make sense? Meditation isn't just like, let me just focus on breathing and I'm not allowed to do anything else. No, if you're allowed to think whatever, but you need to be aware that, okay, you're thinking about that and let me bring the thought back. That practice of you breaking your neurons or whatever is fired in your brain, you're breaking those and bringing them back to what you were doing.That means you're starving your thought. Hey, you're starving your thoughts right now. When you starve your thoughts right now, your brain starts learning, nah, fuck, I can't just think of anything else.Whatever he wants to do, no problem. And that is your Your, you know over time what happens, like how many times has it happened to you where you're like a little bored and you do not know what to do and you open your phone and your brain knows where Instagram is. You automatically go and it just like clicks on the Instagram and now you're scrolling without you even, bro, you don't even realize and you have done all these steps.You unlocked your phone, you went on, you did a slide and you opened a folder and you fucking go on Instagram and now you're scrolling and that's because the the whole pattern the whole pattern of this a little Neuron being fired over and over again. It's the muscle that has built to a point It just doesn't even need has become subconscious now, like you don't have to think about fucking you blinking. Do you? It just happens Right.It just happens that you're blinking. It just happens that your fucking brain's fucking You know thinking about shit It's the neurons that are fucking firing over and over again has become your subconscious and same thing has happened with you going past and click on an Instagram and those things you need to starve your um, we even wrote this little thing down need to starve your um Expectations and you need to starve your thoughts that only happens with you meditating the moment your brain want to do something else Huh, no problem This is what matters and so many people fucking meditate with this guy telling them breathe in breathe out bro What we get addicted to listening to somebody to tell us what to do And now if this guy
doesn't say breathe out you just fucking die You know breathe in and this guy didn't say breathe out. So I fucking never breath never took a breath out Just do it fucking yourself.Yo Which app is good which not no app is good. Just the timer and you You spending some time with yourself you learn and it doesn't happen straight away it took me so my god I was only able to do it one minute initially. I could couldn't do it more than one minute I'll start feeling um I'll start feeling so lonely in my own thoughts One minute three minutes five minutes other day I did that about 15 20 minutes bro I was I opened my eyes because I was there I was in that place where It was Just the weight of my fucking lips touching each other bro, it became fucking scary I was in that one that little place Does it make sense? Just like me sharing my eyes.I was in that fucking thing. I did I was like, I didn't know where I was my and then i'm like man my hands and fucking my face is getting my It's heavier and heavier and i'm like fuck this and that was scary to a point where i'm like fuck i'm out bro I can't do this. You know, i'm going crazy and that's to me, that's like a um that's like achievement because that's like a monk like fucking feeling where you're just like You disappear from the fucking world for a little bit That's happened after years and years bro.So sit the fuck down every day before the market opens. You need to do this practice mindfulness take breaks Um, this helps man i'll go crazy. I i'm i'll go crazy if i'm not doing this Just keeping it real All right, and then come seek support somebody about shit, man.Just don't don't sit there be Think like oh, I can't ask for help because um That's not me. I talked to other people in the chat I promise you how many people feel like this was today's session was what they needed Be honest yo say yes in the chat how many people here feel like today's session was what they needed Right now how many people actually were talking in the chat about this issue? Nobody Why Because everybody's like man, maybe it's just me But in reality, it's not just you yo This is a thing that happened is Happens with everybody. So talk say um Now everybody has the same issues Same stuff or somebody's there who has the same issues And um, don't hesitate to talk and this is this is not something that we are building We're not just building together A group where we only want to talk about some for something cool and that's it Now we're building a group where we can talk about fucking I tell you guys my vulnerabilities all the time man.I tell you guys what i'm going through don't I? I tell you guys like i'm man. I fucked up with this. Oh, I Just spoke to this guy and he said this I talk about all that Why I just want you guys to feel comfortable Just speaking out if you have anything Stop keeping shit in yourself That's super important You think it's gonna get you the next level in reality now, it's gonna keep you there Right.Look at these. Hey, look at these fucking photos, man. I'm so fucking happy.Look at that. Fuck me um All right, and that's about it, you know, this is the session that I had um This is it now we I quickly quickly go over the whole thing. I am so you guys know Couple
not just when I say the whole thing.I just want to go over um the stuff that you need to do um right I hear self-reflection I think yeah Only thing that you guys need to do is journal your fucking trades. I'm giving you the steps again Journal your trades All right um Write the stuff down then comes Write your stuff in the real time and whatever you're going through Okay Journal your trades and journal your day and then look at your um, we didn't just talk about you need to journal your trades You need journal your day and then you need to sit down over the weekend Look at your journaling of the day and then look at individually Those trades and then you need to find out three strengths and three weaknesses Your goal is to do more of the strengths and less of the weaknesses Now you need to actually do real-time journaling when you're doing real-time journaling when you go back Let's say this apple trade when you journal for that day and you like apple trade you want to go back to that little Note that you took for that trade and you're like, oh fucked up here. I need to stop doing these fuck ups So that so you're able to identify the patterns, right? And then just tell yourself it's all right Do you fucking lose money but try to see if you can find a lesson from even the trades you're winning or even the trades? You're losing not everything's going to teach you a lesson All right And then just realistic goals.Um, realistic goals simply means not just telling yourself that you're not going to make um 30 000 in a day um if you lost 3000 yesterday just because you want to make the money back now realistically If you can just fucking not lose money today, yo, you're better than 98% of the trades And your goal is to be Better than just yourself yesterday. What did you do yesterday? All right. I fucked up.All right Let me just not try not to fuck up. I made some money All right Let me just stack another C and that leads to another C and that leads to you succeeding over time and you would not even realize And I promise you if we do this next year by this time We'll be laughing we'll have a different conversation You hear them there? And then just meditate yo meditate super fucking important looks as silly as it looks Um, I always thought it was stupid. But when I started doing it i'm like man It keeps me sane.I'll go crazy the sort of things that I manage the sort of stuff That we do and I try to always keep it real with you all But tell you guys, you know what's going on and um, I go crazy if I was if it was not for meditation It was not for me just sitting by myself and actually asking for my own advice. Sometimes I go crazy Sometimes you don't need to learn new shit. Sometimes you just need to be reminded of the stuff that you already know that happens usually when i'm meditating when I'm opening open my eyes and i'm like fuck this is That's what I needed To give yourself permission to actually ask yourself the fucking question Because you know the answer it's just like you're not trusting yourself yet right And then talk to other people man.Talk to the people in the chat super important, right We'll do a couple q and a yo, um a couple questions and that's it Please try to keep the questions to today's session. I want to keep it relevant for the recordings that people watch Um, if you don't have questions about just the
stuff that we discussed today Ask the question in the in the discord, right? And just say question in the chat only couple yo the first one wins Let's start question RM. Mr. RM.What's up? Uh, hey, can you hear me? Yes, sir Yes, sir. I just wanted to take a moment to appreciate all that you do and this presentation was was freaking awesome Appreciate that I'm proud of you too, man Uh, there is something I am kind of struggling with So I joined kcu recently I'm kind of like down like 25% overall on my account and after module 11 I I decided, you know, like I think the best approach for me to do would become a low-risk trader And only take like those three to four high quality setups a week and Just like of course there's like fomo and things going on with me because like I see other people taking trades or like Trades you're getting announced even though this might be in the no trading zone and I identified like my problem is greed Like I want to make money So like what would you recommend? Like if you were in my shoes What would be like the high quality setups you look for like like break of like pre-market high daily high Previous day high or like vice versa. You need to look at your journals.Everybody's different What makes you most amount of money that's your a plus setup what stock makes you most amount of money that's a plus stock what um What you know what time or what time frame makes money makes you most amount of money. That's your um a plus time frame I can tell you what works for me man, but my psychology is maybe a little bit different than you Look at your journals. What stock makes you most amount of money? What time frame makes you most amount of money? Is a above yesterday's high or when the market caps up one percent When do you make most amount of money and that's a little questions that you're gonna ask yourself Yeah, it's definitely the break of like pre-market high low and the day high low like previous day high low That's it man.You know the answer. It's just like you need to trust the answer that you're giving to yourself Yeah, I literally journaled before the session because I knew you were going to tell me about journaling that's it because again guys The older version of yourself when you were not when you didn't know what you were doing You trusted that version of yourself and actually did big position sizes but this version of yourself who knows a little bit how to trade and who knows a little bit how to manage emotions and Knows a little bit how to actually point out the stuff the dumb shit that you're doing I promise you this is the version that you can trust more But because the past experience is not able to trust this advice of your own self and I get it but the only thing that i would say right now is Give yourself fucking permission to trust yourself, man Okay, and just a segment on that towards the Session today is like it ties back into like the fear of missing out the FOMO and I kind of always like to ask you like You know how like you were trading with stock hunter were there certain times where you would not take a trade even though he was taking a trade fuck Bro, that was like that was to me to me. That was um Yeah, hey don't take me wrong there was times when fucking every single trade that will take was not working um, there was times when I was like fuck man, what the fuck but um, it was just like Do I know any better fuck no, but I do not recommend that I do not recommend that I was just I was young I was dumb Um, and I was like, yeah, whatever I didn't care and I didn't care
because I didn't have any responsibilities um on my head Right, so I wouldn't recommend um still use your brain Still use your brain if you don't like something if something's not according to your setup You're gonna understand yo, I didn't have KCU for me Okay, I didn't have me as a mentor I didn't have like this stuff as well laid out in front of me So it was just like me learning from my fucking own mistakes.You don't have to do all this right on Right. Thank you Um, all right We have mr. AP and that's how did you know? All right, mr. AP. Hey Hey, so much the question is it's kind of mixed with Brain psychology and reading like the first grade so do you generally take the first I mean I I do trade with you, but lately I was just kind of um Same concept issues that we just talked about this Discussant question is this the first first strike? Uh, just to stay green Is it valid to take just quickly 10 percent and? Come out green versus wait If it hits the level and sometimes, you know, it doesn't take a day versus like Tesla that on and off Um I would still say follow the plan for the for even if it's a first trade You still gotta follow the stuff that you said you're gonna you're gonna follow If it makes if it makes sense um Just because you want to close the first rate green Still is let your runners run because there has happened in the past where the first rate of the day became 100 percent, right? Yep, so yeah, that was my confusion.So thank you. Let's just look at now. Look at your journals man.Look at your journals. Um Where you're like, okay First trade of the day. I had my first trade of the day green and I was how many times out of last 10 green last 10 days When your first trade was red, um, you walked away red and your first trade was green You walked away green if if your numbers are telling you just take your first fucking trade and get the fuck out Jump out done Um, it's super it's just like take five percent two percent three percent five whatever if your goal is just to take the first trade Green, um, there should be a goal But whatever goal that you have you gotta follow it Got it.Thank you Amazing Mr. John, what's up? Yeah, thank you for the session today it was really it was good day it was a good day Yo Um, my question for you is uh You just gave us a framework for trading right and this framework Deals with our psychology do you have a framework for this with everything you do in life and like your businesses um anything you're trying to accomplish and if so If we create the same framework in other aspects of our life, let's say it's our career or our job that we have while we trade Will that help us? Even more build this framework for trading Man, I have frameworks for everything bro. I use frameworks for everything and I have a habit of making um using like think about it Like ltp easy to remember ccc easy to remember um, I have a habit to make it so simple for myself that i'm always um I can easily remember Uh what what the system actually is there was a book that I read. Um, I think I mentioned this book sometimes Fuck what was the book? um It's called this Hang on.Hang on. I'll tell you a book. All right, it'll tell you how to actually do all this um, because once you learn how to Set up the systems man.It becomes a no fucking brainer because now you're like You know what I got this um Give me
one second. You know, this is important. You have to read this book.Um, it's called um Anybody remembers the fucking book was it i've mentioned this book before the fuck was this guy? Um Framework, I think hang on Sorry, bro. Give me one second. No, you're good.You're good. Hey, take your time I can't wait to hear what this book is Yeah, I want to give you guys. Um No, not the one thing.This is actual the book on frameworks. This taught me how to actually Start thinking of everything as frameworks um I know it works. I think it's called the system.Um, no, um, it's called build build I ld build um Built by the guy's name is tony fidel tony fidel He wrote the book called build and uh, it taught me how to build businesses teams processes um frameworks How to build um, how to how to build anything worth building It taught me How you can remember the frameworks and when things get tough how to actually adjust the frameworks how to Um, how do you start from the framework? Um from the scratch and there's another book um Another book that I like is kind of in the same realm. Um, it's called um It's by eric jorgenson, um, I think it's called the um The almanac of um Naval ravikant, I think um Hang on, let me see Actually, i'll send you the thread. I i'm sending you guys this thread that i've um, I made back in the day copy link All right, here you go, yo, um, here you go if Carl that's a that's a book build.Um, the almanac of the road of naval ravikant. That's a good book Um, there's a few books that I have mentioned. There's about four books that i've mentioned in this um, do it a post All right.Um, and yes, of course if you are watching If you're watching this on um You guys are watching this in the recording. I will post the link I'll post the links below as well. If I remember i'll try um I and that's I talk about about four Four books I think in this um your next five moves the almanac of Naval ravikant build and how to win friends and influence people these four books I think if anybody have read these four books, man, you you just become a fucking beast um, and that's That's about building frameworks because everything has to have a framework man I have a framework on how do I fucking go to sleep? I have a framework on when I wake up.What do I do? There's a few things that I do first step second step third step fourth step now initially used to be like man, why can't I just be normal, why can't I just live life like a normal person wake up and just fucking brush my teeth and um What initially felt like oh it was a job now. It's just like You know in my subconscious, um, I don't even think um Systems like is like for example for example, like um, I get out the um Get out of bed because in the past everything's so stuck together with the um, so if I have If i'm waking up 9 55, sometimes i'll be meeting at 10 15. I have to drive 10 minutes there.So i'm like fuck Um, so all the time my brain has figured out a way to I wake up bro I jump straight in the shower. I have my fucking brush there my fucking clothes. Usually I put the
clothes out the night before um Yeah night before everything's like perfectly sitting there if I don't have my even my socks sitting there, bro I'm not getting up next morning.Fuck this I have my socks fucking ready to go my shoes sitting there Everything's ready to go. It takes about five minutes a night before And as soon as I wake up straight jump in the shower get out put my clothes on done i'm out Um, and that's just some that's the things There's a system that I have behind it as I know as soon as I do this I go start the car Make my coffee the car's running for like five minutes take the car. I'm out So you need a system like in a little system for everything and you'll become more Productive and you'll also become somebody who thinks less Because your life starts improving Yeah, appreciate it, bro.Um Thank you for the frameworks and inputs. You just gave us but man Thank you for all that you give us man because you help us so much. I promise you bro next next few sessions I'm gonna blow you guys fucking mind up.Um, because um I designed not just this I've been sat down the whole day yesterday. I told you guys day before yesterday me and my missus had an argument So she didn't talk to me all day yesterday pretty much. Um, so I was I designed about three sessions like fuck this i'ma use my time wisely Um, so this is one there's another two coming which is nice sessions are gonna be next week He was like I ain't talking to you i'm like sweet let me just kiss you let me just fucking get everything ready Hey, I gotta work fuck, um, finally first sunday that I can actually put some time in um All right, yeah, thank you holly All right.All right guys. Um, this is it. I don't want to make the session too long.It's been two hours. Um, Go watch the I think you might have to watch the recordings once or twice um for this and about but we're gonna take a photo y'all so turn your Beautiful faces on we are about to take a photo all right and There's no looking for it. All right.All right Let's go Hey, I see you steve long time bro haven't seen your face. All right, let's see next page if anybody's camera's on yes All right, sweet Hi guys done. I appreciate you all.Thank you for rocking up. Um, And i'll upload these recordings as soon as they're available. You guys have fun.Peace. All right. Goodbye Goodbye
cstn4b25n2ps72qt2o3gYo, what is going on everybody? Hope you guys are doing well. Yo, yo, yo. Alright, first things first, can you guys hear me? That's a question.Can everybody here hear me? Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Alright, um, sweet. And, let me see if I can turn my camera on.Come on. Should be good. Bam, that's me.Alright, what's going on? Alright guys, we have how to break a losing streak. This is going to be fun. Um, I'm ready for this.I'm ready for this. Alright, give me one second. Let me share my screen.This took fucking forever to make it, um, as a session. Okay, sweet. Yo, um, let me know if you can see my screen please.Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Sweet.First things first. How was the weekend, yo? How was the weekend? What did you guys do? A fancy graphic. I know.Man, I fucking spent too much time looking for the photos. More time goes on the fucking photos than the content. No, I'm just joking.Um, alright. KC Premium. Travelling at work. Nice, nice. Back testing. Nice.What did you do? Um, me? Man, the weekend just went so fucking quick. Oh my god. It went so quick.Yeah, it went so quick. Actually, I went to buy a bottle of whiskey. I got home.It took me so fucking long to find which one I wanted. By the time I got home, um, I didn't want to drink. I don't know.I didn't want to drink. I put it away and that's it. Um, but yeah.A little bit of weekend maybe was watching that, um, watching that fight and realising fucking these motherfuckers scammed the internet for, for millions. And then realising these motherfuckers scammed the whole internet, bro. That's what, that's what happened.Oh my god. Man. Yeah.And, um, and, yeah. Um, my, my, my missus woke up and was like, oh, um, I like Mike Tyson.
Mike, he gonna lose.Um, anyway. And, bro, it was fucking nuts. Anyway, um, that was a little bit of my weekend.Um, hope you guys had good stuff. Um, and then I made this call. Took me a while and that was it.That was it. I wanted to actually, to be honest, I wanted to do some backdrafts, uh, but I've been working on a few things. Um, so I couldn't actually get a chance, but yeah, let's get it guys.Um, who here thinks that this topic might be a topic that you might need for yourself right now? Okay. All right. Okay.Sweet. Um, okay. All right.All right. Now, um, one thing that I, one thing that I need from you guys, man, um, one thing that I need from you guys, you're going to promise me that you will be taking notes as you go along. It's not just sit there.This is not you watching Breaking Bad, sitting with popcorn. All right. Um, so make sure you take notes.All right. If you don't have pen and paper ready, if you don't have pen and paper anywhere nearby, um, your phone, Apple notes, that can do the job as well. Um, if you have Android, uh, fuck, good luck.Um, I don't know, but yeah, let's, let's get it. Yo. Um, okay.How to break a losing streak. And this is a proven framework that I have used over and over, over again. All right.This is not something that I'm just like, I'll put together and whatever. I went and looked at my journals. When I went through the losing streaks, what did I do? Okay.And this is something that bro, you can be trading for fucking forever and you still going to have a phase where things are just not working and that's, it's just called trading. Yo, it's called trading. And now does that mean something's wrong with you? Um, yeah.If you do any of the four things that I, I'm going to go over, but those four things will act as reminders. And those four things will, I'm going to give you about three or four strategies that has helped me get out of that little rut or most of the stuff that goes on in your brain. It's not even your, mostly your trading account, mostly it's your brain.And then your brain is hurting because of your brain hurting, your trading account is hurting. And, um, anyway, it's a proven framework. Just know.All right. And then goes, I'll give you some strategies so you can regain your confidence
because as soon as you regain your confidence, as soon as your brain starts thinking of like, all right, I'm not that. I don't really suck that bad.Um, you're going to start getting back on track and it's super freaking important. All right. Now without further ado, man, let's just jump to it.All right. What's the most effective ways that I have realized you break a losing streak? Uh, this is the whole topic that we're going to go over and how you can do it quickly. And when I say quickly, I don't mean quick on time.Like, Oh, within three minutes, you're going to be able to just get back on the track. What I mean by that is without losing too much time, without setting yourself back too much in your life. For example, um, think about it.If you have $5,000 saved up right now. Okay. And it took you three months to save this money.And let's say if you lose the 5k in your trading. Now that's setting yourself back three months because you're going to take another three months. You've saved the 5k plus the confidence to regain the confidence might take you another two months.Now you set yourself back five months. Now, this whole, the, whatever we're going to go over, it's not going to just be like, Oh, let me quickly get back in the zone within five minutes. That's not what it is.What this is, is they'll be able to save you the months and months of the hard work that you did in order to save the money. Um, that's where this will be helpful. You see what I'm saying? Does it make sense? Yeah.All right. Now, first thing is, I just want to let you know, this is, this is familiar shit bro. Um, everybody, I have spoken to so many people over the years, people who've been trading for a long, long time.And this happens to everybody. These are common. Everyone goes through it.Time to time is just part of the game. It forces you to learn a little bit more about yourself. It forces you to actually acknowledge that you are Mr. Nobody in the market.Um, and it just gives you the data that you need in order to get to the next level. All right. For example, um, if you are, if this is you going into trading, now you need some data to, and this is the plateau that you have it, you need some data to actually get to the next level.The cause of trading somehow know that to give you a little losing streak so you can learn something about yourself, gather that data that you need so you can break that plateau. That basically is a way of the universe teaching you. But we take it the wrong way and it's hard not to take it the wrong way, man.
Um, it's, it's hard. It's easier said than done. And it's tough.It's tough on your brain because you always lose. Like you always feel like you have lost a little part of yourself. Like your identity has gone.You see what I'm saying? The moment you start thinking of like your, your, um, my, I identify as somebody who can take good fucking trades and somehow I'm not able to take good trades. Now you start losing a little piece of you and then you start getting annoyed at everybody. And now, and that leads to your trade that leads to your life outside trading.Hey, anybody ever did this shit? Or is it just me? It happens with me when I'm going through a little losing streak, bro, that goes outside my trading and that goes out sometimes because a wife will say something, it'll go out on her and then me and my wife, we have an argument and then I'm thinking, man, this bitch never fucking understands what I'm going through. She doesn't know. You see what I'm saying? And then it's just like we arguing and then three or four days of me arguing with her whole time.And now like my home is not at peace. My work is not at peace. How the fuck do you think I'm going to be at peace? You see what I'm saying? That makes sense.It's just, it's just, this happens with everybody. You know, this is, don't feel like, oh, you're the odd one out. No, you're not.All right. Sweet. This is familiar.Next step is, it's all about at the end of the day, the bottom line of this whole thing is, it's all about breaking the cycle that you are in. All right. At the end of the day, it's all about breaking the cycle.What I mean by that is, for example, let's say, let's say there's a, have you ever watched this meme where there's six matchsticks burning and if you pull one away, the rest of them do not burn. Or is it just me, my brain thinking that way? Anybody seen that? Like eight or nine matchsticks sitting next to each other and one of the matchsticks burning and if you pull one away, not all of them burn. It just saves the rest of it.Yeah. Okay. Okay.It's the same thing, bro. If you can break the cycle and stop the spread of the fire, that's all you need. Now, how does, yeah, seen a lot during COVID.Thank you. It's just you trying to break the cycle. But how do you break the cycle? I'll give you some strategies.And if you can just break the cycle for one day or just for half an hour in your trading, I think you should be all right. All right. And then goes, it's I personally, man, to be honest, I've been trading for about seven years.
I have not realized that I don't know that there's a lot of solutions out there. I know a few. I'll tell you what I know.All right. I can only share what have worked for me from my experience. This has worked for me in the past.Now, this might not work for you. This has worked for me. Not once, not twice.Fucking maybe every two months I go through a little phase. Ten times a year, probably. All right.I just want to let you know that you're not alone. You can break free of this trading slump. It just takes a little bit of effort.And effort usually goes in. Why not? Why the fuck not? All right. Let's go over this. Now, the first thing. Look at the photos, man. Look at these photos.Fuck me. I took my sweet ass time. See. All right. All right. First things first.First strategy that you need is you need to recognize your how. Okay. Recognize your how.What I mean by that is the key inside that you want to learn is recognizing the how is just realize that your trading strategy that you have works and has worked before. The system just works. You haven't forgotten the trading system.You've forgotten yourself. This is what I mean. How did you do it before? All right.It's the same system everybody uses. You see everybody printing money, but somehow you're not. It's not that you forgot the system.You still know the system. You see what I'm saying? But you forgot yourself. Now, what do you mean by forgetting yourself? Anybody? Be honest with me.Anybody ever went through this little phase where you are using the same strategy, but you're in a room with 100 people and everybody else seems like printing money, but you're using the same strategy seems like fucking you are losing. And then you're like, man, what the fuck am I doing wrong? Is this other everybody hiding something from me? Or is this something that I do not know? What the fuck is going on? It's not that you do not know how to use the system. And then in return, what do you do? You go, oh, maybe I forgot the system.Then you go back to Module 6 or Module 12. You see what I'm saying? And then you go back to Module 6 or Module 12 and then you try to learn the system. But bro, you never forgot the system in the first place.
Anybody did that? Where you took a loss and you're taking consistent loss and you go back to Module 6, Module 12, try to relearn the system. What are you missing out on? But I think anybody, how many people here did that? Where you try to go back to the modules again, just see what the fuck is going wrong. Right.But the reality is, you know the system. You see what I'm saying? You know the system. You have done the modules.It's not something somebody pulled out the system out of your brain. You already know the system. But what actually happened here is while you're trying to learn more about the system, while you're trying to compare with other people, which is very fucking hard not to, while you're doing all that stuff, right? What happened is the stuff that actually got you there, like how did you actually get there initially? You forgot yourself.Now what I mean by that is, I'll talk about this in detail as well. The little fucking things that actually make you, you. Okay.Christian, I'm making this whole training because you asked me bro. This whole training is for you. You see what I'm saying? It's for everybody who's like Christian who's going through this little stuff.What basically happened is you guys have forgotten yourself. The little things that actually got you, got you at the top in the first place. You see what I'm saying? Now, action plan.The action plan. Now here's the tough part, yo. This is where, this is where either you're going to make me upset or I'll be happy.All right. The action plan, the tough part is this is the time when you need to recognize your how. You need to recognize yourself when actually time comes to go over your trading journals.Going over your trading journals and also going over your, the brain dump that you've been doing every single day. Yeah. How many people here actually keep the track record of how, how many brain dumps you have actually done? Like you actually have a notebook with a date on it.How many people have actually done that? Now this is, yeah. Now this is the tough part though. People don't fucking do this shit.They actually think that, bro, they bullshit to me. Oh yeah, I journal every day. I do a brain dump every day.Sweet. Go over the brain dumps from the days when you were making money. Let's say if September was the time when you were printing money, go through the brain dumps of those days.See what the fuck was going on. Try to see what changed from, then read September, then read this month where you're having a hard time. Try to compare what the fuck happened.
It's the same you. It's the same person. What happened? What changed? It's the same system.Same market. Everything's the same. What changed? Now who can actually recognize that what changed? You or me? It's only you can recognize it by yourself.I can't. I can't. I can't go with those little trading journals.I can't see how's your relationship with your wife or with your husband, with your kids, with every little thing fucking matters. You see what I'm saying? Now, the tough part here is, do you have the journals when you were fucking printing money? Do you have the journals back in the day when you were in the zone? Do you have the journals when shit was just going smooth? Because when it's smooth, we forget. We just think, I don't need none of this shit.We don't journal. And then comes, try to revisit your successful trades. Revisit your successful trades.What happened? What trades did you take? And then try to compare with your brain dump. So, for example, if I'm looking at 3rd of November and I'm looking at my brain dump and then I'm looking at my trades. Now, I'll see, like, what did I do on my brain dump? I said, OK, I slept for these many hours.I feel good. OK, sweet. And my training said I actually did good because I felt good.I had no pretty much stress on my fucking brain. I had nothing on my plate. There was nothing really big time going on in my life.I was just stressed about little fucking things like paying the pool guy to fucking come clean my pool. There's nothing really stressful. But now trading makes sense.Now, on this day, on, let's say, 10th of November, I took a big loss. All right. Now I'm looking at my trading, my brain dump.I'm like, OK, I woke up like shit. I didn't sleep enough. I have some shit going on fucking overseas.I have some business drama going on with my payment processes or with my banks. This. OK, what is that? What's happening? That whole thing is getting transferred to my trading.And it always is a starting point where you're where you're the whole downward spiral going to start. Just remember this. The whole downward spiral always going to start from one starting point.The starting point could be, you know, actually following your fucking stop loss. The starting point can be, you know, actually respecting the system in the first place. And now on this trade, you didn't respect your system.
That puts you in a downward spiral. And after this, you're just trying to make the money back or whatever it is. And that just is a little domino effect that's just still going on.That makes sense. And now what you need to do is you just need to focus on patterns of view. Like where did it all start? Look at your previous.You know, look at your this little the crap that you're going through, the losing streak that you're going through. Try to see where did it all start. The starting point matters.All right. I was just watching this video on YouTube shorts, which actually is an example. Beautiful example here.It was a small little. It was a small as small as this pen cap. All right.As small as this. And they had this domino thing. It was like a 3D or maybe AI version or whatever.Bro, they said, even this little thing drops, falls on the next thing. Next thing, it can actually throw something as tall as a fucking building down. And in my brain, I was like, that's what most folks do in trading.They do a very small mistake. And they're like, yeah, not bad. I won't do it again.But if you if you don't actually, if you make money, if you lose money or whatever it is in this in this case, man, any money that you make without being disciplined is eventually going to go back, maybe plus more. And that's what same thing happened in trading. What you need to do is sit down, try to compare your bad days with the good days.Brain dumps. Try to find the patterns that you have had on good days and try to see the patterns and that you have had on the bad days. Now, that's where it comes.That'll mindset shift. What I need everybody here to do is you need to design your ideal week and your ideal day. Ideal day would mean how many hours of sleep.What's the breakfast? What's do you trade better when you have a fucking shower in the morning or not? Hey, me personally, I trade fucking way better when I when I wake up, I just go straight in the fucking shower. Other than I just wake up and I'm like, oh, man, I had a shower fucking before going to bed. Sweet.No stress. And that's just me. All right.Try to see your ideal day that actually gives you a little edge over everybody else. And how did I have how have I developed this pattern for my life? My ideal day is by looking at my trading journals, by looking at my trading, my brain dumps, everything. For me, the ideal day is waking up, having a shower, not having a coffee.
If I have a coffee before the market open, man, I can't meditate the way I can meditate without a coffee. That's just maybe it's a superstition. I don't know.I just don't want to change it. That this. All right.If I know that, OK, what did I fucking miss out on? I am not feeling the best. What did I miss out on? I usually trade better when I have a four hour nap. I didn't have that.OK, and I've had too many coffees. That means I can't focus on my meditation. My brain is too active.All right. That leads to usually doesn't make this is making sense. Like it's it's it sounds like very. Yeah, whatever it sounds like. Yeah, whatever, man. Fuck.But super freaking important. If it's the same candlesticks, why is it the same candlesticks? Why some people make millions a year and some people fucking lose everything? It's at the end of the day, it's less about candlesticks, but more about you. You see what I'm saying? Like this is the real life LTP having a structure, just knowing what works for you.Like for my brother, what works for him is if he makes levels in the morning, he's too biased to trade with those levels. Think about it with V. If he makes levels in the morning, he's too biased. And now he can't think straight when he can't think straight in the market.He's too biased when he's too biased. He gets fixated on the one side which the market can go. And when he gets fixated, he either misses out on a very nice trend or he's just in the wrong fucking side the whole time.It makes sense. So now what you have done in his structure is waking up, doing whatever, but not drawing the levels for anything. Don't draw levels.You see what I'm saying? There you go. V is right here. So anything that you do that gives you a slightest fucking edge, that's something that you have to grab.Like a very small edge in the fucking market matters a lot. And this is the edge that you can have in your life. And people just think that, oh, I can be undisciplined for 23 hours of my day, just do whatever the fuck I want to do.And then one hour when the market is actually open, I can be this such person who is super disciplined. But in reality, it don't work this way. Your one-hour discipline do not go into your life, but your life discipline get into your one hour of training.And that's how the game works. And if you think it works the other way around, you're being a nut. That's all.You see what I'm saying? Now, some mindset shift here is documentation is everything. If you
do not actually document, how the fuck do you know what works the best for you? How do you know that? Now you're just throwing guesses. Oh, this works for Samesh.This might work for me too. What? You see what I'm saying? But documentation is everything for you. Maybe for you, it works best when you have a coffee in the morning.For me, it doesn't work the best. For me, the coffee works when the market is actually open, not before the market. I tried it.I don't know. Call me superstitious, whatever you want to call it. It's just something happens in my brain where I can't focus on meditation.When I can't focus on meditation, my brain is not calm enough to actually trade. My brain is not calm enough. I'm just thinking there's too many things going on in my brain when the market is actually open.When that is happening, it's just me talking myself out of the trade. It's just me just doing everything because I haven't meditated in the market, in the pre-market. All right.That makes sense. So documentation is everything. And just understand that whatever you're going to do in man, recognizing the how, all this is temporary.The reason why you document is not because you have to document, it's because so you can circle back to these documents when you actually need it. You see what I'm saying? And all this whole thing is temporary. And understand that you have overcome it before.How many people here have gone through a phase in your life where everything just felt like everything was breaking apart? In your personal life. I'm not talking about trading. How many people have actually gone through their life where everything felt like fucking breaking apart? Oh, this happened and this happened.And now there's something, a job. And then fucking somebody breaks in your car. Then you drop your fucking phone and then you lose your keys.And then you're like, fuck, everything is happening to me today, yo. And then fucking your phone screen breaks. So you come home and fucking your wife starts an argument with you.Your husband starts an argument with you. And then you get a call from your mom and you don't want to talk to her. And she says something silly to you.And now the kids are pissing you off. Everything's happening. You hear what I'm saying? So just tell yourself, look, I've overcome.I've overcome this shit before. This might not be trading, but I've overcome this stuff before. Tough times, eventually, hey, good times will pass.
Bad time will pass. And that's it. It's time being done.See what I'm saying? Just telling yourself in your brain that, all right, man, I've done it before. So it's all right. You know, let me just leap on it.Let me just let me just figure out. Let me just tell myself, all right, it's a new day today. Let me just focus on new day.You see what I'm saying? And it's just reminding yourself. People forget. They just think of trading being something outside.No, trading has to be integrated in your life. If everything is happening to you outside your trading, bro, guess what? Trading is going to happen to you too. And they're going to take your money away from you.Trading has to be deeply integrated in your fucking life. Everything in your life has to be documented. As a day trader, you have to do this.You see what I'm saying? And that's what makes us different from everybody. This too shall pass. Yes.I'm on breach today, right? Just a little reminder that sometimes you need. And then comes, at the end of the day, man, there's a book called The Alchemist. And I think it's one of those books that I probably read once every month or once every second month.And everybody here needs to read this. It's called The Alchemist. And it talks about this.It's the best ever book. And sometimes we think this is happening to us or whatever. But in reality, if you will get the money without going through the shit, bro, I know it sucks to say this, but I have made it.Gone through the shit. And I'm telling you from my personal experience. Who do you think values money more? Me or somebody who has bought Dogecoin at fucking 0.01 cent and sold at 50 cents? Who do you think values money more? Me.Why? Because I went through the crap in order to get that. You see what I'm saying? And that makes you the person who can actually hold on to the money. And I'll be able to hold on to my money a little bit longer than that dickhead, right? Maybe let's not call that dude a dickhead, but whatever.You see what I'm saying? It's something that you have to think of. Okay, the shit that I'm going through, one day this will make sense. And also then comes, stop lying to yourself.People lie to themselves a lot. Somehow. I don't know why.Bro, I just never understood that. I never actually did that in my life. I've never lied to myself.
Maybe. Maybe. Yeah.If I haven't done anything that I said I will do, I'll just be like, oh, fuck man. Should have done it. But in my brain, I've never just tried to look for a reason.Why do people lie to themselves about, I journaled. Bro, no. You putting your trades in a trading software doesn't mean you journaled.Oh, I did a brain dump. No, just sitting down and writing down fucking, hello, my name is this, doesn't mean you fucking did a brain dump. Brain dump means defining everything that's going on in your life.On a piece of paper. Might take you 20 minutes in the market. Meditation.Meditation, bro, listening to something in your fucking ears and telling you how to breathe, is not meditation. Personally, I don't think it's meditation. Personally, it's just still you keeping your brain engaged to listen to this motherfucker, who's telling you breathe in, breathe out.That's not meditation. You hear what I'm saying? What if the dude doesn't say breathe out? What, are you going to fucking die? Motherfuckers be like. I'm like, bro, what? You can't fucking breathe in, breathe out without having somebody tell you breathe in, breathe out.Like you're that addicted to somebody fucking telling you what to do. Now this dude has to come in and tell you breathe in, breathe out. You see what I'm saying? Meditation just means you sitting down, focusing on yourself, just stare at your keyboard if you have to.Just stare at one letter. It could be the letter B. The moment your brain starts thinking about letter N, bring the thoughts back to the letter B. Just focusing on one thing. The moment your brain thinks of something else, the art of bringing it back to what you want to think about originally is called meditation.That's what I know. And it's worked the best for me. You see what I'm saying? Just stop lying to yourself that you're making progress, when in reality you're just stuck at your own spot.I'll talk about this moving forward as well. And now, how can you use a training journal more effectively? Now, the big reason why this whole thing helps is, it kind of is going to reinforce, if you keep a journal for your life and then keep a journal for your training, what it does is it's going to reinforce some trust in your life and some strategy that the past has shown you that this shit works. One, you just sometimes need reinforcements.Sometimes people need to be reminded more than they need to be taught. Sometimes you need to be reminded more than you need to be taught. So stop going on the internet and trying to fucking learn.No, you just need to be reminded what works. You don't need to be fucking taught new shit every day. That make sense? But you go to the internet and you try to learn something new,
and that boosts your confidence a little bit more.Now, what happens is you're reading this book, and that book boosts your confidence a little bit more. You're like, okay, now I get it. Now I get it.But then you go to the market and the market still smacks you. Now you're like, oh, I can't be wrong. I can't be wrong.You double down. And now you double down. Now you're like, man, market's always trying to get me.No, no. Education, when you're trying to learn too many fucking things, in a very short period of time, that boosts the confidence. We do not need that fucking fake confidence from that whole side.We need the confidence from your stuff that you have already done in your life and in your past, the strategies that has worked. Does this make sense so far, yo, to everybody? Are you taking notes? Okay. Okay.Okay. Yeah. Yeah.Because it's so small topics, bro. It's such a small topic, but it's super freaking important to go over this shit. You see what I'm saying? It's such an important topic.And now what you need to do is when you're looking at your data, when you're looking at your documentation, when you're looking at your reinforcement from the past, when you're looking at all that, Now you need to realize where have you deviated in your day-to-day recently. What has worked in the past? What worked in the past, yo? Maybe you sleeping at 10pm worked for you in the past and when you were doing a brain dump and you actually write down, I'm actually feeling fucking good, my work starts at this time, this, this, this, this and when you're doing a whole brain dump and now when you're doing a brain dump, it seems like two different people wrote it. What happened? Now this is when why you need to do a brain dump every day.So now think about it, this is Monday and this is Friday, it looks like you're reading these two different people's brain dump. What happened? How can you define what happened? Now go from Monday to Tuesday, see what happened, if something changed, I promise you something would have changed because the shit that you go through on Friday is not because of Friday, it's the shit that have happened in your life on Wednesday or Tuesday or Monday or last week or whatever it is, alright, that's how the game works. Most people get fixated on what the fuck I did on Friday but haven't started on Friday, it's like a little, little, you can say a glass of water, alright, this is a glass of water of emotions and every time you make a mistake, it gets, it gets a little bit full of emotions.It's not full yet, so wait, so you don't pay attention to it but next day you do not wake up to an empty glass, it doesn't work this way. You wake up to the glass being this full and now you do
something, it's this, alright, no problem. You think next day you're going to fix, no, you wake up to this fucking glass being here and then somehow something happens, you overflow and now you're like, man, it was, everything was happened on Wednesday.Now it did happen on Wednesday, it actually started this day, what happened? And what have you done in order to actually try to drain this emotional energy? Does it make sense? Bro, this is what I've experienced in my personal life, we just get so fixated on that one day we forget that, nah, this didn't actually start on Wednesday, right? And that's how where you're trading journals, that's where your, where your brain dumps come in handy because now you need to find out where have you deviated, did you deviate on Monday, okay, why? If you could have avoided this, this could have been avoided, okay, Monday, what the fuck did I do? Oh, I didn't go to bed Sunday night, I went to bed too late, why? Because I wanted to give some time to my wife because I didn't give her any time on Saturday, why didn't you give her time on Saturday so Sunday night you can actually sleep? Because I was watching a fucking game. Alright, now, what's more important, watching someone else win a game and then you lose in life or you winning in life? What's more important? You winning in life? Alright, fuck Saturday night games moving forward, there's no Saturday nights for me, alright, so I can sleep Sunday night normal, so I can wake up Monday and actually trade properly, try to find that one little thing, I promise you, it's always that fucking little thing that you just, you're not actually thinking hard of, alright, now, steps to take right now, look at your trading journals, look at your brain dumps, highlight 5 to 10 successful trades from those, alright, highlight those 5 to 10 things that you do, which you do the best, highlight them, write it down, okay, this is what I'm good at, this is what I do when I wake up at this time, when I meditate in the pre-market, when I do a brain dump in the pre-market, when I actually compare my levels with summation in the pre-market, before me going to bed, when I look at the charts once, it kind of gives me the bigger picture what's happening on a daily chart, so I wake up in the morning and my brain is like kind of already, whatever fucking thing is, highlight 5 to 10 successful trades that you do, okay, yes, this will be uploaded guys, highlight the things that you do, and now, analyze how closely have you been following these habits in these latest days when you are going through a little losing streak, alright, I promise you, it doesn't start with you, this is what happens, I'll tell you what happens, you start with like 5 to 10 or let's say 7 things, next day you're only doing 6, and still, hey, big majority is getting done, sweet, you still work, you're good in trading, and 3 days later you're only doing 5 things from the 7th, and you haven't really, you're not doing it on purpose, you just think that you don't need to do anymore, or you're not even thinking about it, you're only doing 5 things, these were non-negotiables, but now they've become negotiables, and now you're still doing alright, but now slowly and slowly this jar is getting full, and now next day you only do 4, or maybe next week you only do 4 things, you're like, yeah, life is good bro, I'm still making money, whatever, but this is what's going on in the back end, it's getting ready, now you only do 1, sweet, and then you do whole 7, but bro, it's too late, your jar is fucking full, you're gonna fuck up today, or you already did, doesn't matter, it's the things that, why did you take a break, this is making sense yo, I'm just, I don't know if I know how to actually say it in words, I'm getting confused, to me it's just like fucking everybody's just sitting there confused,
it's making sense, it's usually the little walking away from the things that work, that actually in my personal life they have always came back, it's the very small things that I have deviated from, which if I would not have, my life would have been normal, my life would have been good, alright, and then comes recommitting to those same principles in your current life and trading, just as simple, alright, these are my non-negotiables, and this is my ideal day, ideal day means at 4pm I gotta do this, at 7pm I gotta do this, at 9pm I have to do this, at 10pm I have to go to bed, at 4am I have to wake up, head to the gym, 6am I have to make sure I have a shower, all these things slowly and slowly and slowly, when you're actually stacking them on top of each other, and you have actually designed the ideal day for you, because at the end of the day bro, you're gonna always follow a system, you're gonna always, always, as a human being, if you're a warm-blooded fucking creature, you're gonna always follow a structure, okay, now the thing is, are you gonna follow your own structure, or a structure that some other man fucking lays out for you, a lot of people, they have, they have discipline to follow a structure that some other man lays out for them, but they don't have the discipline to follow their own structure, people be starting work at 7am in the morning, or I have to get this done by 7.45, I have to get this done by 8.30, I have to make sure this whole thing is ready by 9.30, and they have such a proper structure, why? Because they're the boss, but when you're now your own boss, somehow this internet has made you feel like, oh, freedom is everything, just doing whatever the fuck you, you feel like you're doing, no you're not, that's not how the game works, being your own boss doesn't mean fucking doing whatever you feel like doing, like all those people, I'm a boss bitch, right, because there's a, there's a, there's a little salon, little, little fucking hairstyle salon, my, my missus friend opened back in the day, and usually they'll get super, super, super busy Friday, Friday when the kids finish school, the mums will come with the kids and stuff, anyway, it gets super busy Friday, and from last two or three Fridays, she's not opening the store, why? I'm not feeling well, I'm enjoying the long weekend, and the store is not open, why? I'm a boss bitch, I can do whatever I want, what's the point of working for yourself if I can't take a day off when I want to? Shut the fuck up bitch, that's not how the game works, working for yourself don't mean you get a day off, you don't mean you don't get to do the things follow the structure in your life, the best way to do it is sit down, grab a pen and paper, make a structure, this time I'm gonna do this, this time I'm gonna do this, this time I'm gonna do this, print it out, put it different spots in your house, share a calendar with your wife, share a calendar, this is what I have done, I have an ideal day, the things that I do, I've put it on my apple calendar, I've shared that calendar with my wife, my wife knows at 4pm, what am I doing, you see what I'm saying, she knows that okay at 10pm, he's doing this, so it becomes a, and in that ideal day, there's about two or three hours that goes to her, it literally says wife time, she knows okay if I actually want to talk to him and now 4pm it's meditation time or whatever it is, well I'll wait for the next phase where he actually has the time, wife time, right, and that's how you use your trading journal effectively to find out that shit for yourself, right, this was a topic recognizing the how, now the second strategy that I have done is stop taking shit personally, people do this a lot, I do this a lot too, even back in the day, even now I do this a lot sometimes, it's just hard not to, it's hard not to just take shit personally man, it's an emotional little trap, losing streak just makes you feel like your personal failure, where you just
feel like you're not the same person anymore, you just feel like you're not enough, man I'm not enough, you wake up, you're like man I'm not enough, I just feel like this little thing in my chest always feels like fuck, I should be doing something, it just, I don't feel enough, I always, I'm always thinking I need to do another brain dump, I need to do another brain dump, I need to do another brain dump, it's just I don't feel comfortable, even though if you know what works, you just try to look for the new shiny thing, right, anybody does that before, anybody did that before, where you just always just, doesn't matter even on a normal day, you feel like man I'm not enough, feel like fuck I should be doing something, you feel something is missing but nothing's really missing, you have done everything, that little, little piece of you just don't feel comfortable, but that's called you being, not being in a, you're not stuck, that means you're hungry, right, people try to throw that, throw that feeling out of the window, they're like yeah I don't need to be feeling this way, no bro, in my personal life, that is such a helpful fucking feeling, it just means you're hungry for more, it just means that okay you're meant to do even more, sweet, think of it like okay this is a good feeling, I promise you the feeling that you go through bro, you know somebody in your life who you think has so much potential but they just don't have that feeling, they just, they can be sitting on a couch watching that fucking movie and five movies in a row and not feel like shit, yeah, everybody knows that person yeah, who you know can be doing so much more with your life but they can sit on a fucking couch and watch five movies in a row and not feel like shit, while you just watching 10 minutes of Instagram reels make you feel like I'm not enough, you see what I'm saying, no, the only difference between you and that person is you are hungry, just remind yourself this, all right, we, hey, nobody's actually there to tell you, I'm there to tell you that it's, it's, it's a normal feeling, it's a good fucking feeling, all right, if you think of it this way, okay, most of the people wish they had this fucking feeling but they don't, all right, it is what it is, that means I'm gonna get rich, that's why not everybody gets rich, you see what I'm saying, that's an emotional trap, especially when you're going through the losing streak, you look at other people, man, fuck, their life is so much easier than mine, no, hey, I promise you, I had people in my life who fucking told me that, oh, if it was that easy or who always looked at going for movies, who always looked at going for, having parties, having, you know, fun, having, doing all sort of fucking shit, Friday night, Saturday night, while I was sitting down and actually studying and actually going through my emotional drama in my brain, just feeling like shit, I promise you, bro, I used to compare my life back in the day, man, it wouldn't be easier if I just, fuck, how good is their life, they're stuck at the same spots, they still live for Saturday, Sunday, they're still, just living in the same fucking environment, while I have grown like this, it's just you understanding that, alright, this all is, I don't know how to actually fucking say it properly, but it's all is a part of a bigger plan, alright, and God always has a bigger plan, whatever you can think of, he just has a bigger plan for you, alright, and now the reality of this emotional trap is, the market doesn't even know you, or doesn't even care that you exist, doesn't even care if you show up for trading or not, it doesn't give a fuck, alright, it was here before you and it will be here after you as well, this is just, understand this one fact, market doesn't know that you exist, it doesn't give a fuck, it doesn't care if you come in and grab a fucking spoonful of water, it's a big ocean, it doesn't care if you come grabbing a spoonful of water, it doesn't give a fuck, it
doesn't even notice you, you're nobody, alright, and just realising, alright, whatever I'm going through, it's just me, I think I'm a big shot in my brain, it's just I think I'm such a big failure, this is what attracted me to the trading so much, because what I realised was, back in the day, this is 2018, what I realised was, me and this other chick started work at the same time, alright, I'm stuck, I was getting like $10 an hour at this stage, and this chick was getting like, she started off at actually $12, and now I'm still stuck at $10, or maybe a few months later I'm at $13, and this chick is making like $35, I'm like what the fuck happened, I'm like what the fuck happened, now this is what happened, I'm a young Indian dude, alright, she's maybe a 20 year old white chick, okay, I'm a guy, I don't have a fucking vagina, so I can't really please my boss, she has a good set of legs and a good set of tits, I can't be that, this is just me, you see what I'm saying, I can't be, I can't have good fucking legs and good fucking tits, this is just, that's the difference, so what I realised in the market, I'm blonde and yeah, thank you V, and what I realised in the market was, okay, this is discrimination, even if I'm working harder, okay, that, okay, sweet, I'm like, okay, I'm working harder than her, I'm doing more hours, I'm doing everything that's required to maintain this whole job, and this chick comes in and fucking just, I'm a boss bitch, boss bitch and just do whatever the fuck, and then I realised, the market, I'm like, man, everybody's the same in the market, don't matter if you fucking, the sexiest fucking looking chick, don't matter if you Miss Alabama, fucker, whatever it is, everybody starts from the even ground, don't matter what colour you are, don't matter, white, brown, black, purple, green, yellow, whatever the fuck, whatever the fuck it is, everybody starts at the same level ground, and this is one thing that I want everybody to understand, no, it's not personal, everybody starts from the same fucking ground, every day, every day, if you're a day trader, we all start from zero every day, just understand this, you can say, but oh, you're pink again, yeah, but every, still, I'm starting from zero dollars in profit every day, and you're starting from zero dollars in profit every day, every day, it's the same, it's the same fucking race we're all starting at, you see what I'm saying, that's a reality, and then comes strategy fixing, what I mean by that is, you going through your losses, or trading slump, it's not about the strategy not working, it's the LTP, still works, it's about you, it's you, who's not actually performing the best fucking way, what happened, and that's what I spoke in the previous comment, previous slide as well, it's you, how can you find a better system, better structure for you, what needs to be changed, do you, or maybe it's about LTP, do you even understand LTP, ask yourself this, if you have to explain LTP to somebody, who do not know LTP, will you be able to explain, levels, yeah, all right, what about trends, can you explain trends to somebody, who do not understand trends, can you explain patient scandals to somebody, who do not understand patient scandals, if you can, okay, you understand LTP, but understanding a concept, and actually using in the real time, I've seen these people do so many times, they understand LTP, they know what LTP is, when I text them, they know what LTP is, remember other day, we had a dude saying a triple, triple bottom, triple top on spy, remember this, anybody, we had a dude in the chat, who said triple fucking something in the chat, anyway, anyway, I threw my text, I threw my text, I'm like, hey bro, what's going on, are you watching the modules, yeah, I'm like, what module you're on, I'm on this and this module, right, where did I actually talk about triple bottoms or triple tops, he said, he said something about, oh, you didn't, it's just the stuff that I've learned before, I'm
like, and do you remember the conversation that we have had, you lost like fucking 50 or 60,000, like a couple of months before you joined, and you still want to go through that before, like you did this before, that didn't work, did it, and he said something like, hey man, to be honest, I'm just, I'm just here to see how everything is, everything, how do you guys do stuff, I still am more comfortable trading like, why the fuck are you even here, I just want a community, I'm like, no, I don't, the community don't want you, if that's your mindset, that's it, and the dude's gone, what happened to you, what happened to you, just being, it's being so stuck at doing the things the old way, even though you know the new system works, you still don't, don't want to change yourself, you're just still stuck with this worked for me in the past, once, twice, three times, alright, whatever, you see what I'm saying, it's just being so fucking comfortable, I don't want to be around anybody who's that comfortable about themselves, who's that comfortable about the old system, and fuck no, you see what I'm saying, exactly, he didn't unlearn, and what I'm trying to say here is, LTP works yo, okay, but do you understand LTP, people confuse, people start adding shit, people can add shit to this LTP, they're like, oh, somebody said this to me, I use a 30 minute chart, and I think I'm, I think I'm doing better, and then he texted me, bro, I need some help, I'm like, oh, so the 30 minute chart not working for you, that's my response, you don't like it, too bad, you see what I'm saying, why the, what the fuck, you tell me if I can, I'm gonna change this, this, this, this, this, alright, how long you been trading, oh, I've been trading for three months, and you think you can change something already, motherfucker, like you think you know more, you see what I'm saying, so, all I'm trying to say is, people say they're following a system, but they still are not fully committing to it, it's about you now, why the fuck not, the mind shift that you basically need right here is, it's about your activities, it's about you getting into the zone, and the old habits that actually have worked sweet, bring those habits in, now watch partial LTP, thank you so much, bring those habits back, use the LTP, get into the zone, sometimes you in the zone, the market is not in the zone, sometimes market in the zone, you in the, not in the zone, the day you in the zone, and the market is in the zone, and you guys in the sink, bro, oh my god, that's the day that you should be looking forward to every single day, and that's a mind shift that I need, stop taking shit personally, or market's out there to get me, bro, market doesn't even know you exist, it doesn't give a fuck, how, how can I say it nicely, I just don't, I don't understand that, I've heard that so many times from people, oh, market's just out there to get me, market maker's out there to get me, it's the smart money out there to get, bro, nobody even knows that you exist, and that's a fact, and see what I'm saying, the mind shift here is, think about the activities, think about the stuff that you do in your life, and everything that you do that gets you in the zone, that gets you most focused, what is that, what is that one thing that gets you most focused, maybe you actually working out gets you super focused on something, work out before trading, yo, do something, something that actually puts you in the zone, maybe the old habits, the stuff that you used to do in your life, the habits when things were working for you, when you, after you have joined KCU, there was a phase of one month where shit was working for you, and now 15 days things are not working, go check what worked in that one month when things were working, everything was working, you see what I'm saying, and go do those things again, and now what are the steps to stop taking this personally, just first thing is acknowledge that this is
nature of trading, losses are part of the game, yo, no strategy, no strategy gonna work 100% of the time, that simply means if a strategy works 75% of the time, there's still 25%, 25% trades that do not work, that means out of 100 trades, 25 are not gonna work, and if a trade that you expecting to work is a part of this 25 that doesn't work, guess what, even the strategy works, now you put yourself into this fucking downward spiral, it's not even a part of this 75% anymore, it's just you go on this downward spiral where you trying to recover your fucking loss, which was not even a loss, because it was just a system, and you just go into this fucking shithole that you create for yourself, and then you fall into it, it's you not understanding, or it's you thinking that every single day has to be green, it's not, not every single week gotta be green week, and not every single month gotta be green month, it is the game we're playing, not two days in the market are same, so what can you focus on, if that's not something that you can focus on, what can you focus on, focus on habit building, if you're gonna judge yourself, go for your life, but please do not judge yourself with are you making money, are you not making money, but judge yourself with how are you executing your habits, judge yourself by your execution of habits, but I promise you, inputs equals outputs, if you put fucking salt in your coffee, it's gonna taste salty, if you put sugar in your coffee, you're gonna taste sweet, that's the game, you can't put fucking salt and expect it to be fucking sweet, it's not the game, not how the game works, not how the life works, right, you judge yourself, go for your life, judge with the habits, or the execution of the habits, just understand, write this down, inputs equals outputs, that's how the game works, right, the little fucking thing that you should follow and say that loud, is I can't fucking control the market man, I can control my habits, I can't control nothing else, I can control what time I'm gonna wake up, I can control my habits, every single day in the market, as soon as I wake up, I'm gonna have my multivitamins, whatever the fuck it is yo, the habits, you can control those, you can't control otherwise shit, you see what I'm saying, that makes sense so far yo, everybody, right, right, but we somehow, we forget about, we forget about the habits when we're going through shit, we like, I'll fix about the, I'll worry about the habits when I, when I, when I fix this whole game, I've heard this so many times, oh I'll do that when I'm, when I make money, I'll do that when I make money, somebody said this, some, oh no, somebody, maybe about 20% of the people that I talk to, say that, say that in, say that to me on my Instagram, oh I'll join KCU when I'm, when I start making some money, man, I just need some money, and I'm like, that's like literally telling yourself, I'll stop eating KFC when I have six pack abs, I'll stop eating, I'll stop eating shit when I have abs, but when I'm like fully built, if, easy what I'm saying, but that's not how the game works, exactly, me laughing in the chat, me talking, talking about some random shit when the market is actually open, but I see the market is looking like shit, me doing this whole thing is just so, one, I can save you from losing money, because I can keep you diverted, your attention diverted, second, so I can protect you from losing the confidence, because money lost, yeah, you can make some money, but once you lose your confidence, fuck me, it takes super fucking long to get back, and if your confidence shakes when you take a, take a loss, and even that is a part of like, you did everything right, and your confidence shakes, oh, it's a issue with, you know, like, you really, really like taking shit personally, everything happens to you, you always, always say, oh, this happens to me, that's a, that's a different issue actually, we'll talk on some different event, if
your confidence shakes, even if you know that you have done everything right in the market, that's something, that's something we can talk about, maybe in next session, but all I'm saying is, confidence should shake if you have not followed your habits, and not following your habits is leading you to take a loss, not you followed your habits, and everything is done, and it's just a trade that didn't work, and your confidence still shattering, there's something that you're doing wrong in the whole system, God knows what, fucking only you knows, right, Warren Buffett talks about habit a lot, yeah, Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger, I like Charlie Munger, his late business partner, he passed away earlier this year, I think, the guy, and he talks about, he talks about, so fucking, basically flipping the whole situation, he's like, how can I make sure that I blow up my trading account, how can I, rather than asking, how can I make sure I never blow up my trading account, ask yourself, how can I make sure I blow up my trading account, one, let me just wake up whenever I want, and go for trading, second, don't follow any system, third, never respect my stop loss, fourth, just enter whenever I feel formal, fifth, just jumping into swing trades, just because I've taken a big loss towards the end of the day, jumping into swing trade, hoping for the market to do something nice in the morning, and I'll be happy, how can I blow up my trading account, you write down all the things, how can I blow up my trading account, and now, guess what, just do the opposite, that means you never, you will never get there, you'll never blow up your trading account, huh, how can I make sure that I never lose weight, let me just eat shit every day, guess what, just do the opposite, the way the game works, yo, and hence those dudes are worth fucking billions, and they've made a company worth trillion fucking dollars, Warren Buffett, there you go, and this is Charlie Munger, by the way, right, now, don't let your emotions dictate your habits, super important, don't matter how you, have you ever heard anybody tell, anybody say on the internet, it doesn't matter how I feel, I'm gonna do what I need to fucking do, have you ever heard maybe Andrew Tate say this, it doesn't matter, or Elon Musk say this, it doesn't matter how I feel, I'll do what's fucking required, anybody ever heard this before, or maybe you heard me say this, it don't matter how I feel, it don't matter if I'm sick, it don't matter fucking if I slept in, no, I'll do what's required, I'll do that, no problem, yeah, only three people, what about rest of the people, yo, only three people know what I'm talking about, yeah, I've said this so many times, right, and it's so fucking important, bros, I don't personally, I don't care, and that's what I, that's what they actually mean, that I don't care about my feelings, I'll do what I fucking need to do, and what do they need to do, the habits that actually get them to the next level every single day, and what are those habits, the things that actually put them in a zone that actually helps them make money, and your habits are not gonna make money directly, but they make money indirectly a big way, and that's something a lot of people don't understand, how you carry yourself every single day, how you talk, how you present yourself, that is such a huge fucking thing in towards getting the money, it doesn't affect directly, affect indirectly, like for example, some people fucking, I don't know if you know, some people might show up to their fucking trading desk or their work desk in an underwear, like literally, you're sitting in your fucking underwear, you're like fucking night clothes, you're like whatever man, don't matter, nobody's looking at me right now, right, but it's not that, it doesn't, wearing good fucking clothes while you're trading and just, just having everything, you know, everything like you looking like fucking you're going to work, but just
because you're at home and you're trading, that doesn't mean you don't have to carry yourself in a way, you see what I'm saying, that doesn't affect it directly, it affects indirectly, because I'm just, I'm just, I'm just saying, yo, I'm just saying, you see what I'm saying, these are the, oh my god, these are the big things, yo, these are the big things, emotions, that's how emotions fuck you, that's it, big cut above, right, it's, it's just very small topics, yo, very small points, and, and very, very small, tiny things that I've fucking realised in my life that actually make a huge fucking difference, me, I don't know, I don't know, just, sometimes it's your environment, sometimes it's you being in a shit fucking spot, um, with your job, or just because it's not that bad, so you stay, it's just, some, all these little things, bro, they add up, um, you using a broken screen, broken glass protector on your phone, okay, do you think fucking, um, do you think somebody, who, if, do you think if you actually are worth five million fucking dollars, you'll actually have that, a broken screen protector from last three months, no, get that fucking shit changed, you gotta become the person who can actually get to the money before you actually get to the money, and that's the game, stop being lazy, that's all, you telling yourself, you lying to yourself, I don't have enough time, but you sitting down and actually watching five hours of Instagram reels, you do have time, and, but you just letting your emotions dictate your habits, rather than habits dictating your life, trading is a game of probabilities, just understanding this, you win some, you lose some, um, and that's, that's the whole point, right, shift your focus from money to understanding whatever you put in is whatever you're gonna get out, it's just a game, just the way the whole thing works, shift your focus from money to understanding whatever you put in is whatever you're gonna get out, it's just a game, bro, that's how, when they say, when there's different levels, this is different level to what I'm going over right now for you guys, you're showing to the market fucking with a shit attitude, guess what, you're gonna walk away with shit attitude too, it just, market just magnifies, it just has this magnifying glass and magnify everything that you bring it to, if you, if you bring a good fucking happy mood, it'll make sure you're fucking more happy, if you bring a shit fucking foul face, you're gonna make sure it's fucking even more, your whole thing is more shit by the time you walk out, it's just the game it is, yo, that's how the market works, right, you know, the third thing is offsetting the feeling of being a loser, how can you offset this problem, hey, this session is, I personally feel this session is some good stuff, I'm not, I'm not bullshitting, yo, this, this is some good fucking shit, yeah, this is some stuff that, this is not about how to become, this is not about how to day trade, this is about how to become a day trader, and that's what I think, and you need to become a day trader who can day trade, see what I'm saying, now, three, the offset, how can you offset the feeling of being a loser, the problem here is, losing streaks can make you feel you're not enough, leading to emotional decisions, or just overall feeling like shit, it's common, it's common, and that, that little feeling like shit leads to you taking poor trades, and that you taking poor trades leads you to feel like more shit, and that cycle continues, and then you're like, fuck man, I'm not able to get out of this, I'm such a, I'm such a fucking pussy, no, it's not that, it's just, it's just, you fell, fell into this little fucking thing, all you need to do is, you need to break this cycle, break the cycle, and then you, sweet, good to go, anybody watch that meme where the kid, where the kid is holding onto this rope, and he's like crying, he's in the water, he's crying that he's going to drown, and he's like fucking full on crying, and then he stands in
the water, he's like, oh, the water is not actually that bad, I can actually stand in this water, but in his brain, he's like, fuck, I'm in the middle of the ocean, you see what I'm saying, all he needed to do, it was, yeah, you can say it was overthinking video, but I call it breaking the cycle, all I need was, just break that cycle, now he's cool, now he's good to go, you see what I'm saying, overthinking, yeah, but, you know, I'll be overthinking too, if I'm in that spot, and I do not know what's below me, it's, it's just, let's break the cycle, whatever's going on, let's break that cycle, maybe it's a little bit better moving forward, it's like, that, you know, the magic stuff that I was explaining before, and that's the problem, whatever you're going through, the little chain that you're going through, you need to just break the cycle, and then you sweet, all right, now, what's the solution here, rebuilding confidence by engaging in activities that you like the most, what do you like the most, and now, don't tell me, oh, I like money the most, okay, let's say, if you have all the money in the world that you need, what do you like the most, oh, five million dollars, yeah, all right, you have five million in the bank, what do you like the most, that's a question, do those things that can actually build your confidence, so you can offset the feeling of being a loser, all right, like, for your day trading, like, breaking the cycle would mean something like, this is just an example, all right, for your day trading, breaking the cycle would mean something like, just going, just going far out of the money contract, just one contract for a day, if you're going through a losing streak, and you can't just come out of it, do further out of the money, just one contract, your goal is just like, to make even 10 bucks, the moment you break your cycle of lose, you lose in 50, 100, 50, 1000, 50, whatever, whatever, all right, now you have a green cycle, okay, you just broke that cycle, and that's all you need, that's what you can do for your trading, all right, but what about your mindset, how do you gonna break the cycle for your brain, how can you use the activities to boost the confidence, all right, some activities, let's say, and this is, I want you to assume that you're already worth 5 million, before you start doing this, all right, but the reason why I'm trading is, I have money, okay, let's say, if I have all the money, what activities would I do to push my confidence back again, and if you think, oh, if I'm 5 million, I wouldn't actually feel like shit, I promise you, yo, I'm way, way more than 5 million, and I feel like shit sometimes, it's just something that you always have to deal with, and that's one thing I realized, maybe it's different than people who are 50 million, I don't know, because I'm not there yet, but from where I am looking at, man, it's pretty much the same, I had the same feelings when I had maybe 30,000 or 300,000 or 3 million, I had the same feelings, it's, so I think it's the same, now how, what are the activities that you can use to boost your confidence, first, engage into, engage into activities that remind you of your talents, or something that you like, what do you like, like something that boosts your confidence, maybe writing, painting, swimming, whatever man, fucking don't matter, engage in activities that you just think, okay, I like this, I like to spend fucking some time with the family, engage with that activities, I like to draw, you know, these cool stuff with my kids, we're all sitting down and actually, you know, whatever the fuck it is man, just understanding what activities reminds you of your talents, you're going and actually going on a racetrack and actually driving a car, something that makes you feel better than you, how you were feeling before, could be whatever, right, then goes shifting your focus from, shifting your focus to positive experiences, activities that help you break out of the negativity cycle and avoid thinking that all you do is
suck, for example, I'll keep it real, there was, um, I was not feeling the best for some fucking reason and I have done this in the past and I did this few days, not few days ago, maybe a couple weeks ago, um, I ordered some food, okay, the guy came to drop off the food and I gave him, I think, I don't know exactly how much cash it was, maybe it was like 400, 450 or 500 bucks, whatever cash I had in my pocket, I just gave it to him, I'm like, hey man, I'm just keeping this, like, are you sure, I'm like, yeah, I swear to God, the, the smile that I could see on his fucking face, I'm like, man, I've, I've lost ten thousand dollars in my fucking market in three days, all right, me just giving away 450, ain't gonna do much fucking damage, but just knowing that something to break out of the negative cycle, just something that can make me feel a little bit good about myself, just helping somebody who's not that fortunate, just helping somebody who's trying to hustle, um, just that little smile that I had on this, this dude's face, he was like probably 20 years old, um, and he was like, he's like, you sure, and then he's like, oh, by the way, cool house, man, I'm like, oh, thank you, and he's like, oh, cool car too, I'm like, thank you, and now he's like looking at the money, he's like, fuck, I saw him sit in the car, all right, I got, I came inside, I just, I just wanted to see, I just, I was experiencing something, like the happiness, the happiness he was, he was experiencing, I was experiencing the happiness from him, somehow, um, I came, I looked through my camera, um, and this dude's like counting the money, and then he picked up his phone, um, and then he held the money and took a fucking photo, I'm like, that money was like, I probably was going to lose five times the money tomorrow, and that just made him take a photo of the fucking money, um, that just shifting your, um, shifting your focus to positive experiences, whatever I was, I promise you, whatever I was fucking feeling at that time, and I was feeling like shit, and hence, I didn't want to fucking eat my food, which I, my actual, my chef fucking makes, I wanted to eat some fucking food from a restaurant, all right, I ordered food at home because I'm feeling like shit, and whatever the feeling was when I did this, bro, I felt so positive, I'm like, man, I'm in the position where I can do this, and then the brain goes, okay, how, how the hell did you actually get into, get to this position first, fuck man, all right, you know what, it's not that all I do is suck, all right, it is what it is, that makes sense, I broke the cycle, hey, this is making sense to everybody, what am I, what I'm trying to say, you see what I'm saying, it's just, okay, I just broke the cycle for that little thing, and then I didn't overthink at all, I was like, sweet, bro, life is good, done, right, and then goes sharing activities with a friend that can build momentum, and now a lot of grown-up people usually say, I don't have friends, bro, and now, all right, you know who's your friend, somebody who knows everything about you, and still fucking likes you, that person is your friend, that could be your brother, that could be your sister, that could be, could be your mother, could be whosoever, somebody who knows everything about you, somebody who knows how you react to shit, or whatever, because, hey, I promise you, you're not perfect, somebody who knows everything about you, and still fucking talks to you, still likes you, that person is your friend, just giving a phone call to a dude who you know, or a chick who you know, and so, you talking, and you just thinking, you talking about, oh, do you remember that this time, fucking five years ago, oh, when we went to this, and you laughing about the, you know, the sharing your stories, and whatever it is, just that can help you break the cycle, and boosting the confidence, because that just refreshes your brain, when times were good,
because right now, you're sitting there, and actually feeling like the time is so shit, they're gonna just bring you back to the time, and it's like, fuck, man, the time was good, all right, that time passed, okay, then came, then you're on the phone, you're like, oh, by the way, when we finish this, finish this school, and do you remember, fucking, we were going through this shit, when this person did this, yeah, just you reminding your brain, okay, the good times don't fucking last forever, and the bad time came, that didn't last forever, then the good times came again, it didn't last forever, not this bad time, this won't last forever, now, I'm gonna be followed by the good time, sweet, it's just you training, just reminding your brain, it's cool, right, it's super important, and then helping others, bro, help somebody in the chat, if you see somebody ask a question, just help that person in the chat, go to, go donate a little bit of money to somebody, go take some money, and give you somebody who you know is working super hard, I don't like to give money to the homeless, I don't give money to fucking homeless, the only people that I like to give money to, when I'm like not feeling the best, is I go to the shopping mall, and I see somebody who's picking the rubbish, the cleaner, I know that dude's working hard, I know this is, it's fucking super hot outside, and this dude's like, you know, wearing a hat, he's like still hustling, all right, can you help, can you add that sense of purpose, you add the feeling of satisfaction, and give that dude fucking 100 bucks, can you give that dude 50 bucks, I promise you, you are in this better spot, where, because you gotta, and hey, what did I say, all these activities you're doing, well you already have some fucking money, now you're thinking of, okay, how did I do that, now, doesn't, hey, this whole, all these dots getting connected, I'm just, I don't know, they're gonna make you feel like, all right man, these old things actually don't really suck, right, and that's how you change, you're offsetting the feeling of being a loser, whatever you need to do, doing things that get you numbers, but whatever you need to do, you gotta start the upwards spiral, you gotta start that feeling of being good, and then comes, change your surrounding to change your mindset, right, the power of change, everybody here knows that your small changes in environment has disrupted your habits, new perspectives start emerging when you change something in your life, and new ways of looking things start, but sometimes we want to go back to the old things, because old things were better, so not every new thing is fucking always good, and I promise you, we all know this, we all know this, where, back, you know, the, even with the, say, the cars, back in the day, when we say the old cars, like 1975 Ferrari, okay, old is gold, and they go for so much fucking more value, and they, it's not that, you know, change happened over time, which is good, cool, whatever, but that don't mean the old stuff that you did was bad, it's still holding a lot of fucking value, yeah, cool, you can change a few things to the new stuff that you're doing, for example, I changed my meditation routine, okay, I couldn't actually focus by sitting by myself, so I added this person telling me, breathe in, breathe out, sweet, whatever, change, cool, but if the change, and if you have changed something, and you can tell from your brain dump, and the change is not really fucking working, bro, why not, maybe it's just that one thing, routine is, routine is money, yeah, routine is money, most of the time, you'll see, it's not that you suck, it's the new routine that you have picked up from getting more complacent, is what's actually hurting, you're making money, sweet, now you do not, do not wake up at 6am in the morning, yeah, because, um, market opens at 7.30 for you, let's say, you do not wake up at six, why, oh,
sweet, I'll just sleep for another 30 minutes, all right, what did you, it's not the 30 minutes, what did you do in those 30 minutes, but even if you did the same things, but now you rushed it a little bit, now you felt rushed in the pre-market, and guess what, that thing's happened in the pre, in the, as soon as the market opened, now you're rushing it, it's just the brain, the way the brain knows, the brain consumes most amount of calories, I don't know if you know, out of any other organ in our brain, in our body, only brain consumes most amount of calories, brain loves habits, it loves habits, so it can't consume that many calories, it's just like you brushing your teeth, and you don't even have to think about brushing your teeth, and you're brushing your teeth, done, you're waking up, and you already have a routine, but when you're rushing it, the brain's like, all right, sweet, I don't have to fucking think too much, all right, come on, accept it, let's rush, it just makes you rush, and now you're rushing in that first 15 minutes, you have taken 20 trades, anybody ever did this, where it's only 20 minutes into the market open, you have already taken 10 trades, like in now, in now, in now, in now, in now, like a motherfucker, why, it's the habits that you have picked up, it's the stuff that you're doing, it's like, how can you do, how can you stop yourself from doing that, let's break the cycle, how can I, how can I break the cycle, right, the cycle of, let me, I'm being super rushy, how can I break the cycle, all right, you know what, I'm being super rushy this whole morning, I won't open my broker till 9.45 Eastern time, I'll open my broker 15 minutes into the market open, and that's when I actually will see if there's any trade, otherwise I'll just watch the market, if you think first 15 minutes is when you make big mistakes, bro, open your broker at 9.45, break that fucking cycle, if you do all the dumb shit in first 15 minutes, in first 30 minutes, don't even have your broker open, so you can do the dumb shit, break that cycle, see if you perform a little bit better, right, the keen side is, change is the enemy of the winning streak, create systems in life, so you do not fall a victim to shiny routines, and most of you all do this, somebody telling you, you watch, this is why, bro, I'm not big fan of people watching Instagram reels, Instagram reels do not hurt, but it's a reel that comes up, on a wrong fucking time, this happens, you just took a loss, and now you're going through a three day of losing streak, and now you watch this Instagram reel, like, oh, if you're trying to trade without reading these three books, you will never make money, first is this, second is this, third is this, you're like, I've read this first one, I've read the second one, I've read this third one, maybe that's a missing link, and now you fuck the whole routine that you had, and you go out there, and you start reading this fucking book, what, bro, you don't need to be taught new shit, you just need to be reminded, the shit that you were doing already works, and now you start reading this book, now you're feeling confident again, you're like, oh my god, I feel confident, now you go to the market, but the confidence was, bro, the system was never the problem, it was the things that you were doing outside, you're trading, there was a problem, now you're trying to fix that one hour, which was actually not a problem, now you're trying to fix it, now what happens, your 23 hours are broken, now that one hour, which was not a problem, also breaks, because you just added new fucking shit to it, what happens, you break fully, anybody, hey, who's guilty, but you have done this shit, where you just like started reading a fucking book in the middle of nowhere, anybody ever did this, right, now, how do you enhance, how do you enhance this whole thing, your routine, or you need to actually enhance this whole thing before the market actually opens, what I mean by that, it helps, like, you
having a proper routine before the market actually opens, like, it helps because now your pre- trading activities, the stuff that you do before the trading actually happens, it is setting a positive tone that leads, that little tone, that little mindset leads to your trading as well, for example, if you set a structure for your day, this time, this time, this time, this time, I'm gonna do all that, and you're doing all that, you're doing all those things, what happens, are you feeling like, alright, man, I'm actually smashing this shit, what happens, you feel like a winner, when you actually are doing the things that you say that you're gonna do, you say, alright, I respect myself, I'm actually doing the shit that I said I'm gonna do, and I'm doing those, and as soon as the market opens, that respect, whatever you did before, the respect, the self-love, the self-respect, it gets transferred to, it's because it's integrated, it gets transferred to your trading, straight away, right, you need to reduce emotional pressure before trading, and the only way to do that is having a system, following the system before the market opens, something that makes you feel good, for example, it could be meditation, loud exercise, listening to some fucking music, going through the journals of past successful trades, reading your brain dump that you did today, again, something, the whole goal here is start trading in a focused state, something that, something you know, okay, I did everything that I said I'm gonna do, I'm actually following my own system that I laid for myself, and that's how you build a little bit of confidence, that's how you start your day, confident, now you need to take advantage of the pre-market time, bro, so you can help, and you can help yourself, you can stack your small wins, because in the pre-market, those small wins matter, those small wins are small, tiny little things, but they might not sound like a lot, but the moment, the moment you fall from those small things, what happens, your brain just thinks, oh, it's not that important to follow a system, because clearly, why do I need to waste so many calories thinking, oh, this is important, clearly it's not, sweet, now you fall apart, right, that make any sense, everybody, you guys taking notes, yo, everybody taking notes, or you're just sitting there, fucking, all right, sweet, you know how long it took me to fucking make these sessions, yo, if I'm not wrong, I think it took like four hours, four hours of me just sitting down, making these slides, but an hour of brain dumps and everything, so, and then collecting the data, about maybe six hours, yeah, maybe about six hours, make some research, some all that crap, so, yeah, that's what I did, that's what I did, Saturday, Sunday, yo, because you hear what I'm saying, that's what I do Saturday, Sunday, I make the Sunday call, all right, now, the last thing that helped me, the power of, super important, the power of stepping away, yo, and I appreciate you all guys, man, I appreciate you all, I always, this is what, this is what, I'll keep it real, this is the mindset that I always have when I, when I'm making these slides, the mindset that I always have is, okay, let's say if there's 50 people on the call, all right, the session gonna go for two hours, that's 100 human hours, I'm gonna make sure the session is good, otherwise I'm wasting 100 human hours, yo, that's, that's like four days of human life that I'm wasting, that's the way I think, I'm like, fuck, they'd rather be watching Netflix, yo, but if I'm gonna make them watch me, it better be, you know, it better be good, it better be worth it, you see what I'm saying, that's how I think, I'm like, okay, if I'm putting six hours of my, my human life, that's saving somebody's four hours, four days of human life, fuck it, I'll do it, and you know, it works, it works, and hence we have a good system, all right, now, the power of stepping away, guys, turning your, this, this is
super, super important, yo, when you are actually going through a burnout, okay, you're going through a life burnout, you're going through a trading burnout, it is just going to cloud your judgment, and it's gonna reduce effectiveness, how do I know when I'm going through a burnout, look, I have said this in the past, you never burn out when you're winning, you always burn out when you're losing, but when you're losing, what basically happens is, sometimes losses is not about personal money losses, sometimes the you're losing the habits, sometimes the loss is about, you're losing the focus, those losses matter a lot as well, you see what I'm saying, and what happens is, how do you know if you actually, if you're actually starting to burn out, for example, if a usual burnout take, if a usual brain dump takes you about 20 minutes, and now you have so many more thoughts, and you're still going for 35 minutes, sweet, if a usual meditation phase, you know, you, you come with after five minutes, but today, even after 10 minutes, you're not done yet, if usually, you're doing a certain task, take you about a fucking hour, but now it's taking you two hours, that's, bro, people say, oh, I don't wanna burn out, but they don't even know fucking what burnout means, or how to identify you're burning out, you have, like, you burned out now, burned out, burning out simply means if something takes you an hour to do, but today it's taking you two hours, that means your effectiveness have reduced, that means your brain has fucking shrunk a little bit inside your skull, all right, I need to get that back fucking where it belongs, you see what I'm saying, I don't know how the science works, so please don't quote me on this, I'm just, you know, trying to convey the message, but it's, that's how you know that, okay, this whole thing is not working, and that's what I mean when I, when, when I say burnouts clouds the judgment and reduce effectiveness, that's how you actually know that you burned out, or you're burning out, when it starts taking you a little bit longer, a little bit longer time than it would usually take to do a certain task, all right, it's easy to become overwhelmed and making poor decisions when you're constantly glued to you, like if you're just looking at your fucking screens and not even worried about any documentation, any data, anything that you do, and all you're worried about, just like fucking trading, bro, like what the fuck is the point, anyway, like if you're not looking at documentations, you will never know, you will never, if you do not even have a little timer sitting on your desk, that fucking, as soon as you press the button, and it goes, I document everything, this little kitchen timer goes for five, five bucks, I document everything, it's on my desk, I'm like, okay, this takes me 15 minutes, all right, sweet, folks, if it's on my, if it's on my, on my little note, what I, what I'm going to do, and if I say it's going to take me 40 minutes, and usually takes me about 40 minutes, if now it's taking me an hour, now I know, but most people don't even document any of the stuff that they do in their lives, they do shit when they feel like it, or I work for myself, I'm my own boss, that's not how the game works, yo, it's, it takes a lot of, I don't want to crush your feelings, but I want to just keep it real, it takes a lot of fucking efforts, a lot of efforts to get rich, it's more efforts than you're putting in right now, the person you are right now is not, is not the person who's going to fucking make five million dollars, and you know that, you need to become a different human being to do that, the person you are, I'm talking to right now is not that same person who's going to make a lot of money, but you have to become that person in order to get there, and that's what I'm trying to fucking say, and I have, and the reason why I always talk about, um, about the things that I'm doing, the money that I'm made, the thing, like, so I can, like, I,
I'm very open about that shit, everybody agree? Like, I'm very open about how hard I work, I'm very open about how much money I make, I'm very open about the things that I have to do, um, or the meetings that I have, or all that, everybody agree? I don't try to keep too much, the reason why I do that is so I can actually, bro, I can actually tell you that it takes more efforts to make it than you fucking think, than somebody on the internet who's your favorite fucking influencer says, it takes longer than that, it takes, maybe not even longer, but it takes more effort than whatever the internet tells you, right? But if you do not have your numbers, your data, your nothing, you're just going one day at a time, and you know who goes one day at a time? Broke people, who have nothing going on in their life, who just fucking, just show up every day, whatever, man, one day at a time, I don't have a goal, man, one day at a time, come on, who do you want to be like? That broke motherfucker, you want to be like somebody who makes money, somebody who makes money, they document everything, does it take a long time? Yeah, does it sometimes feel like a fucking punishment? Fuck yeah, but fuck what I feel like, man, I'm going to do what I say I'm going to do, I'm going to do those habits that I have, alright, and hence, when you actually break, bro, the burnout's happening, where you can actually, from your documents, you can, from your documentations, you can tell, bro, I'm less effective, I'm less efficient, alright, you know what, I need to take a little fucking break, I need to go recharge my brain, rather than me just coming, showing up, trading every day, expecting something different, no, not going to happen, you need to take a break from your trading, recharge fucking yourself, yo, just stepping away for a while, bro, you'll come back fresh, alright, and then, schedule quarterly breaks to step away from your desk, for me, I step away from my desk over the weekend, like, there's one day that I step away completely, which is, most of the time, which is Saturday, where I'm like, fuck it, I'm not doing nothing, alright, I'm not doing nothing about trading, nothing, I'm out, then Saturday night to Sunday afternoon has been my wife day from now a few, like, we can watch a movie Saturday night, whatever, do whatever, till Sunday, Sunday evening, and then I'm sitting down, working on this, and I'm slowly working on, I'm making this Sunday session during the week, so, over the weekend, I can fully plug out, like, not even worried about nothing, not worried about no chat, just taking a break every single weekend, you know, just not staring at the chat, and for you, it can be weekend trip, or vacation, or whatever it is, if you feel like you're burning out, if you feel like there's too much, you feel like your effectiveness efficiency is reduced, take a little break, cool, sweet, it's better, hey, taking a break, and actually spending $500 on a break is way better than losing $500 in the market, they do serve very different fucking purpose, one is just adding fuel to the fire, other one is just adding some memories in your brain, which you can go back to, they're two very different things, right, and use this time to reconnect with family, some hobbies, or travel, or whatever the fuck you want to do, right, anything that helps you unwind and recharge is a good idea, whatever it is, all right, then comes, we all need break sometimes, or if you don't take a break, your body will force you to have one, you'll get sick, and that's how people fucking fall sick, that's how you fucking get anxiety attacks, I know a dude, he used to make a lot of money, and he had an anxiety attack, and then he was like fucking on the bed, and he needed a break, and he kept pushing, he made millions every year, he just needed a break, and he kept fucking pushing, never fucking took a break, had too many responsibilities
on his head, and I was doing everything by himself, didn't know how to hire people, didn't know how to delegate work, didn't know any of that shit, what happened, he had an anxiety attack, and then he thought he's having a heart attack, and then he's like, oh yeah, that's cool, just, you know, once, you know, happened once every couple weeks first, and then it's happening fucking once every two hours, bro, like how do you deal with that shit, but how, what, what fixed, delegation, actually putting now, because he couldn't actually go to work, so now he had to actually delegate the stuff, and now every, he realized the whole business is still running, while I'm not there, that's where, you know, people start falling in, oh, nobody can do better than me, no, they can, you're not that good, they can do better than you, it's just, if you, if you do not give a break to your body, bro, your body will force you to have one, one way or the other, you're gonna take a break, don't be afraid to take a break when you need it, it's super fucking essential for long-term success, so the four things that we spoke about, yo, recognize the how first, recognize what actually got you fucking here, all right, recognize the sexual trades, the habits, super important, all right, then we have stop taking shit personally, loss is a natural part, bro, market doesn't even know that you exist, they're, they are not reflection of your abilities or worth, man, it is what it is, the trade worked, cool, trade didn't work, cool, your habits what define you, shift your perspective from I failed to I learned, you need a few L's to be honest, like there's a couple L's in a million, you hear what I'm saying, learn, learn, learn, then remove the L, you're left with earn, earn, earn, and you can't learn about my, the market too much, why, because there's only so much you can learn, but learn about yourself, and then comes the offsetting, the feeling of being a loser, boosting your self-esteem, bro, you're gonna 100% help in your trading, all right, nurture your relationships, nurture your hobbies, nurture the things that you always say that you want to do, but somehow the life responsibilities got into way, and you were never able to actually do it, no, bro, bring them back up again, you can do it, then comes changing your surroundings to change your mindset, take a break if you want to, refresh from your trading routine, take a, take, take a break, don't fucking worry about trading, document everything, you know, trade from a different location if you have to, maybe, just move your office back a little bit, move your office a little bit towards the window, whatever it is, just break in the cycle, doesn't matter what it is, get a standing desk, stand and trade, whatever it is, just break that cycle somehow, if you need to break the cycle by taking a break, sweet, but when you come back from the fucking break, don't think like you are Elon Musk fucking who can do whatever, now you know, you're gonna start small again, now it's like baby steps again, up until you build your confidence, and that's super fucking important, right, that make sense, yes, everybody, that make sense, coin in your head, going in the spots that need to go, okay, all right, sweet, that's, that's all, that's literally all I have for you guys, man, um, fuck, ah, good session, you know, good session, good fucking session, I'm gonna record a little video for um, Instagram, right, fuck, um, I'm gonna ask you guys if you guys like the session, and um, I'm gonna add that in the video, uh, we just had a session on how to get out of the losing streak that sometimes you fall into, yo, um, did you guys like the session, yo, say, fuck yeah, right, this was a super important session, I personally think these sessions are super important every now and then to go over, um, just so you can get out of the mental crap that you're going through, do you know what I'm saying, everybody loved it, mission accomplished, that's it, yo, that's it,
that's all that matters, that's fucking go, nah, I love it guys, I love it, let's go, that's, bro, I appreciate y'all, man, um, now, this is what you need to do, all right, everybody, this is what you need to do, sit down, go through the notes, all right, um, go through the notes again, the notes that you took, don't go to bed till you fucking tell yourself, okay, this is my structure that I'm gonna follow, and guess what, the structure starts from the morning, the first thing in the morning, the structure starts, don't tell yourself, I'll do it from next week, oh, I'll do the structure thing tomorrow, no, bro, you gotta do what's required, fuck what you're feeling, you're feeling sleepy, do you fucking bet, no, hold the structure, what do you need to do, get that shit done, that's the first step, all right, guys, I'm out of here, guys, you guys have fun, and I know I could have, I could have taken some more Q&A and stuff on this call, but the reason why I don't want to take the Q&A's on this call is keep the call just about the topic that we spoke about, because when you're watching the recordings, it's more just to the point, and, all right, guys, I love you all, you guys have fun, peace, enjoy your day, I'm out, goodbye.
csuufhq5n2ps72qt3uh0All right, what is going on welcome back to another video in this video I want to let you know that we are now also adding another indicator on our charts, which is called 400 moving average and you're only watching 400 moving average on a five minute chart Otherwise, you're not now. Let me show you now, you know how to add every other indicator, you know, everything else already in the videos Um from the modules already now Let me show you what's the purpose behind 400 moving average and how you can add this 400 moving average on your charts So the first thing that you need to do is go to your indicators. Okay, i'll go step by step All right, go to your indicators and type simple moving average Okay, when you type oh my bad, okay type moving average actually Moving average simple.Oh, man, why would why would you not have simple moving moving average simple? All right, same thing click this moving average simple once it's on your charts. Okay, this blue line that's running across You need to go to the settings of this Okay, go to the settings Change this to do changes to 400 Keep everything exactly the same. Don't we don't want to touch it go to the style and change the style to This color make it a little bit thicker maybe make a circles, so It stand out you know or Maybe we can make it actually might be too thick.Yeah, this this looks good All right, everything else keep it same or have the settings now in visibility. What you want to do is you want to turn off? everything per minute And in minutes just change it to five And here we're five as well because we only want to watch 400 moving average on a five minute chart nothing else Okay, so five and five Press okay Now you have this indicator running through which is 400 simple moving average on your charts. What's the purpose? What's the why 400? Now we want to also watch 10 minute 200 moving average on our charts, right? This is 10 10 minute 341.2 five minute Five minute 400 is roughly 341.2. Now.What's the purpose behind this whole thing is when you're watching When we're on a five minute chart, we also need to pay attention to 10 minute 200 moving average now, there's so many charts we have to follow We have to like keep an eye on 10 minute chart as well. What's happening with 200 moving average So what I did was okay we can just for 400 moving average on a five minute chart and that always Amounts to the same value as where's the 10 minute 200 moving averages. Does it make sense? So 400 moving average on a five minute will always show the same value that 10 minute 200 moving average will have Set up on your charts.That's it when we're on a five minute chart and we are trading And you know, we just treat this like a strong solid resistance Like a strong solid resistance. We just a little bit careful We just try to be a little bit careful when this is sitting there. Is there a strategy to trade this? No, that's not the goal right now.The goal here is if there's a 400 moving average sitting there Just if you're in a short position Make sure you take profits if you want to actually jump into short position be a little bit careful
because we can see a big bounce If it breaks below gives us an entry with the patient scandal You can take a trade Otherwise just be a little bit careful five minute 400 moving average. I've been backtesting this quite a bit lately And it's quite decent whenever it touches and whenever it comes into play it quite decent like look at this Price is almost getting rejected of this and make a decent move down When the price actually touches this it actually is a strong resistance or strong support and i'm not saying you can go short here all i'm saying is It's telling you what not to do if the strategy if the ltp tells you to go short sweet Otherwise just be careful. That's the whole point.So make sure you add 400 moving average and make sure the settings of this 400 moving average is this Okay Everything else sweet. Okay Sounds good. Sweet.All right Let's fucking go. Hey, you're doing good. Keep pushing. Let's fucking do this
ct6r5ca7rjec72ok27g0Yo, what is going on everybody? Hope you guys are doing well. Give me one second, let me turn my beautiful face on, so you can see me. Please let me know if you can hear me, yo.Alright, should be good. Just type in the chat if you guys can hear me, I just need to double check. Everything is working well, good on the side.Alright, sweet. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Alright, sharing my screen now.Today, it's, I reckon it's going to be a good fucking session, yo. You know, I have a feeling. Okay, alright.I'm about to share my screen with y'all. Share, let's share desktop too. Yeah, desktop too.Alright. And now, you're going to let me know when you can see my screen. Just say screen in the chat, one person says screen.Do I know? Okay, alright, alright, alright, alright. Guys, let's get it, yo. This is a important and good session.Let me also turn my beautiful face on, so at least you can see me. That's me, hello. Alright, okay.Let's get it. Screen and fancy graphics, right? Alright, guys, let's get it. Somebody said, what is the meeting code in the Discord? Man, what's the meeting code? I thought it was just the link.Isn't it? Isn't it just the link? It doesn't have a meeting code. Anyway. Okay.How to start trading in the zone? Now, what is the meaning of a zone? That's the first question. Like, how do you define zone? Zone to me, when I was researching a little bit for this topic, because whatever I know, I know in Punjabi, yo. I'll keep it real.I think in Punjabi, because I'm Punjabi. Okay, I think in Punjabi, and when I speak, there's a translation system that actually translates everything in English. Alright.When I was getting ready for this call, when I was like researching for this call, I found multiple interviews on multiple articles on people like Kobe Bryant talking about being in a flow state. And then Michael Jordan talking about this. There was so many articles about getting into getting into the zone.It was like, to be honest, me personally, I felt overwhelmed, looking at all this stuff. And I was like, in my words, in the zone simply means when you are trading and actually have a full properly designed screen in the next page as well. In very simple words, being in a flow state means when you think it's you trading, but it's actually not you trading anymore.It's this energy around you that's trading. I don't know anybody ever experienced this, this
energy around you that's actually trading. But it feels like it feels like money is coming to you.Trades are coming to you. Everything is happening automatically. Anybody ever felt that in your trading before? Just be real with me.That little focus state probably is a better word. Let me know. Where you were just in this zone and the trades were working.Whatever trade you were taking, everything worked. And you were not worried about all this trade might not gonna work. You were just bright.You were just in the zone. Everything was good. You felt good.That was the easiest money you ever made. Anybody? Tell me a little bit about that. Tell me the feeling of the easiest money you ever made and everything was like working super smooth.I want to bring somebody on the call. So I don't know how to actually do that on this. But yeah, I don't think I can do that.Fucking stupid. Let's get Mr. Jay Lee. Jay Lee, what's up? If you have to explain this little feeling, bro, how would you explain it? Shit, man.Can you hear me? Yes. What's up? I mean, God, like it's just you just fucking cruising. I don't know.I don't know. I'm at a loss of words right now to answer the question. Such a good question.Yeah, exactly, bro. It's such a because when I was thinking of designing this call, I'm just like, man, I know what it means. But I don't know how to fucking actually put it into words.Does that make sense? Everybody who's been ever in the zone. Do you agree? You know what it means, but like, how do you explain it to somebody? Right. So because of this little trouble that me personally, I had putting everything into words, this session might end up being a little bit confusing.I don't want it to be. I feel like I'm not actually understanding. But, bro, when was the last time you actually felt this zone? In the zone? Yeah.We were like, just everything was fucking smooth. There was fucking beautiful trends this week. Right.This week. This past week. Absolutely.Okay. So what did you do leading into that? Do you think it was something that you were doing leading into the day that actually put you in this mental spot? Or was it spending time with the family a day before? You were just mentally at the peace. Like you were distracted.
I've been letting go of the outcome. It makes me into the day just way more chill. Right. And how do you  I know because you quit the job. Remember? You quit job. I'm sorry. I'm bringing it up again. No, you're good. You're good.But you went back to your job. But before you joined here, you quit the job and then you went back to the job. Do you think trading when you have a job became a little bit more smoother and easier? Yes and no.When you know that these bills are looked after. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. That makes a world of difference. 100%. Everything is looked after.Everything is good. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. This is important.I'll bring this up later as well. You go. Update for you from two weeks ago.Or was it a week ago? Shit. I think it's just been one full week. Quit the new job that I took. You already quit it? Yep. I lasted about eight weeks. I'm telling you all, man.You know what I'm designing here, yo? I'm designing a bunch of people who can never fucking be hired. It's not that I can't find a job. It's just I'm unemployable at this stage.I just can't be  I can't work. It's just like it's so hard to fucking listen to anybody telling you what to do. Right? Yep.Yep. It's just not worth it. Nah, fuck it. All right. Sweet. Okay.Jaylee, thank you. Who else ever felt this? Guys, I need one  just raise your hand so I can bring you on board. Nikhil.Okay. Nikhil, what's up? Hey, Samesh. What's up? All good.No problem. I mean, this week, I would say, especially Friday, I was completely in the zone. I don't know.There was parcel coming up. I could never hear the bell, nothing. And how the four hours went for this trading, it was perfectly  How did you unjoin? For me, it was like I was not worrying about the work.So, basically, I trade after office. So, on this Friday, I finished my work earlier. I did my brain dump and had nothing to worry about.
And I was just waiting for this weekend because I could relax. And that was on top of my mind. And also, my vacation is coming up as of next week.So, I was in a happy zone just seeing that I only have seven days remaining. Right. Okay.Where are you going? Where are you going for the holiday? I'm going to San Francisco and then to Vegas. Oh, la, la. This is more for the frenzy.This is more for the frenzy. Nice. Nice, nice.So, also, tell me one more thing, bro. So, as you defined that you were in the zone, just because this is important as we move forward in the call, guys, I want to know these answers. As you were moving forward on the day in the zone, did you at any point thought about, oh, what if the trade didn't work? Or were you just like too focused on just absolutely nothing? Your brain was not even thinking.You were just like not worried about nothing. Does this sound about right? No, I didn't worry, to be honest. I was just trusting the system.And especially when you, for example, I can give the example of SPY trade. You said 600 was the level. You were waiting for that to break.And that just aligned with my game plan as well. And I knew my levels, so I had no fear. And the PC was also small.I was using the LTP on steroids at that time. So, basically, this whole system actually took away the fear of me trading on two minutes. So, that's why it was I don't worry about the trades that much now.Right. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. I like it.What did you do a night before to lead? Or what did you do the week, like during the week? Because being in the zone doesn't happen. You wake up and you feel in the zone. Guys, this is a fact.You don't just wake up and you're like, all right, today I'm in the zone. No, it happens days and days prior to. Were you having green days or actually following the system the whole week? Did that play a part? Yes.So, last week was really great. I was making consistently 500, 700 bucks. Monday, I made a couple of mistakes, but I could rebounce from it.I knew what was my mistake. I think that played a huge part to just bring me back on track. So, the CCC.
And I think spending time with friends, the Christmas market. I think that just opened up my mind more. Thank you.Thank you. This is a topic that I cannot talk about as well. Spending time with friends.So, you know what that is? Have you ever heard of the phrase, Nikhil and everybody? Have you guys ever heard of the phrase called don't put all your eggs in one basket? No. All right. So, there's a phrase called don't put eggs in the one basket.What it means is make sure you diversify. Make sure you diversify your investment rather than putting every single dollar in one particular thing. You diversify across sectors.You diversify across things. But that's trading. That's stock market.And I was sitting there. I'm like, how can I bring that, make sure I diversify into my life? I'll talk about this in the session as well. How can I diversify everything in my life? So, what that means is you guys only have, everybody agrees that there's a limited amount of mental capital that you guys have.Yeah? There's only a limited amount of decisions you can make. There's a thing called mental capital. Not financial capital, but mental capital.You know, on some days when you're just pissed off and all your mental capital has been already fucking used. But everything happens on those days. Doesn't matter what you fucking touch, it just turns to shit.It feels like fucking everything is going south. It's because the mental capital for the day has turned into, there's no mental fucking capital left. So, if we know that, okay, mental capital means you only get $100,000 of mental capital a day.How would you diversify this, or $100,000 worth of mental capital every week? And you now need to diversify this. How could you diversify this? And as Nikhil said, he spent some time with family and friends, and that kind of put him into a mental better spot. That's called diversification.Imagine if all your $100,000 is sitting in trading, and now you're only worried about trading. You're not going out. You're not doing nothing.All you do is fucking sitting in front of the charts. You put all your eggs in one basket, and then on this trading day, the fucking basket is just like a little bit shaky, and your basket falls. All your egg breaks.What happens? You feel demotivated. Anybody? Hey, you guys agree? Nikhil? Yep, I 100% agree. Because you're like, fucking, this is everything that I have.And this thing is also not working. And we'll talk about this. So the topics that I have for you
guys today, this is well thought of, well put together.Me doing some research, then finding words, you know, because it's so difficult to explain what trading in the zone means for me, and what it could mean for you. So I tried to bring some strategies out. There's a couple that really helped.There's about four or five strategies. There's a couple of strategies that has really helped me. But then I spoke to V about it, and V was talking about the two things which were not similar to mine.And he's like, I don't think those are for me. I think this and this works for me. And I was just like, okay, so it doesn't have to be like all five or six, whatever I have.They're all five or six don't have to be practiced. Just pick one or two, which works the best for you. And move forward with that.Does it make sense to everybody, guys? All right. So that means don't feel overwhelmed that you have to do, or I have to do all this stuff again more. Pick what you resonate with most.Pick what you feel resonated. Where you're like, oh, this is actually for me. And move forward.Nigel, bro, I have seen you fucking grow, man. I'm super fucking proud of you. We need to do some interview one day, man, where it will definitely motivate a lot of.Hey, guys, who would want to see an interview with Nigel? Bro is killing it, man. Bro is killing it. What strategies work? How did he actually fucking became the printer that he is? Bro, you're absolutely killing it, man.I'm proud of you. I've seen you fucking go through the days where the confidence was a bit shaky and the money was not there. Or it was very little.But I've seen you grow, man. Fucking keep going, bro. I'm proud of you. Absolutely. So much. And I just have one message to the team as well.It's a journey, honestly. And the first two months, it was difficult. But I think all the mistakes, it will just be your support.Just go through it again and again. And I think it will be good for all the new people who joined it. 100%.100%. That's it. Bro, how important... Nigel, one more last question.One last question before you go is how important it is to know that what you can trade better. Like, I personally can trade QQQs the best. That's my fucking thing.How important it is to, out of eight or nine stocks that we trade, just giving yourself permission
to just pick your favorite one and just fucking have all your energy in that one stock. Still watch the other names, but have more energy on that one stock. Do you think that has changed your trading a lot? Just like knowing that, okay, if this is set up, setting up on one stock, I'm going to trade that more.Yes. So I had studied this starting from October. And I think that has helped me after narrowing down some of the names.So like, I really love trading SPY because I could understand the behavior, how most of the time it would try to hit stop losses after your ORBs. And probably, for example, we might jump out, but the stock goes in the other direction. So these kind of small things I observed during my backtesting.And apart from that, I like to trade Amazon and AMD. That's it. And QQQs.Yeah, because QQQ and SPY just move very much close to each other. And if one of the SMAs are below, so the other one also gets impacted. Yeah, 100%.100%. Butterfly effect. I love it.I love it. Guys, we will definitely do an interview with Nikhil. And I'm actually going to go on this little journey.I have like probably about 50 or easy, maybe 50 or 80 or 100 students from KCU who are absolutely killing it. And I'm going to just start doing interviews. And I think that will be so inspiring for everybody.What works for them? What doesn't work for them? What strategy they've been using? What time they've been printing? What stocks they've been printing? What struggles they went through? All those interviews, bro, like it will be absolute fire. Nikhil, I appreciate you, bro. Let's get back to the session, guys.Thank you. When did you start? Nikhil started, I think, if I'm not wrong, Nikhil joined in June. Yeah, Nikhil, I remember the conversation that we had.It was June, yeah? Yes, end of June. Yes, that's right. 23rd June. I remember that. Yeah. There you go.He started in June. And look at that. What is it? Fucking December just started. More focused printing it. So I love it. I love it, bro.Let's get it. All right, guys. Let's get to it.All right. Trading in the zone. Now, what is trading in the zone? How do you define trading in the zone? So make sure you take notes, see what you resonate with more.
Trading in the zone can be simply defined as a state of hyper-fucking-focus, where trading simply feels like it's effortless. You're not even doing anything, bro, and you're able to make money. There's some days in your trading they're going to be, you're going to make three, four, five hundred bucks, and you're going to be like, oh my God, this is so fucking easy.This was easiest money ever made. But some days, bro, you're probably going to be after trading whole day, you look at your P&L and you only made 130 bucks, and you're like, fuck, I'm so tired. There's some days where it's effortless.Everything just smoothly fucking comes to you. And some days you just feel so tired and you still not make money. And those days are definitely not being in the zone.Now, how can you actually know next time you're in the zone? In the real time. So what I need you to do is, from this point onwards, in your journals, ask yourself one thing. Like, we ask ourselves three questions for the journals, yeah? I want you to ask one extra question, journaling on the day, not the trades, journaling the day.The question should be, how easy was trading for you today? Does that make sense to everybody? How easy was the trading for you today? Answer this question, journaling the day, and then journal the trades. So what happens is, if you say, oh, the trading was not very easy, man, I felt fucking restless, I felt emotion, full of emotions, this, this. Now, what will happen is, basically, those days when you're feeling restless, next time you know it, man, last time I had this fucking feeling, five weeks ago, or three weeks ago, two weeks ago, a day before yesterday, and, oh my God, the trading was so fucking difficult.And that's when you know, when it's easy, go hard, and when it's hard, go easy. It's the mental thing where you're like, man, it's so fucking, it's hard for me right now because I feel restless. I feel like I'm sitting close to the chair or I'm staring at the screen that closely.Those are the days which, because it's different for everybody, where you're like, when it's easy, go hard, when it's hard, go easy. But how do you define hard and easy? So your hard and easy basically needs to come from your journals. Does that make sense to everybody, yo? How many people actually here do not even fucking journal? That's my fucking question.Just say me. Be honest with me, yo. Don't lie to yourself.How many people don't journal because you think you're fucking different? Anybody here? There gotta be people, man. Stop bullshitting me. Stop, hey.Stop lying to yourself. Come on. I journal, but I'm not consistent. I used to. I don't. Not regularly.Guys. I don't think I'd be here if I was not journaling. Boom.Period. So journal your days, journal your trades, and journal every single day. If you want the
discount for TradeZella, there is this channel called Trade Journals.Go to this, click this link, use the code KSU, it'll give you 20% or 30%, whatever the number of. Go, please, please. Get TradeZella, it's fucking 40, 50 bucks.40 bucks, 30 bucks a month. That's a dollar a day. Do yourself a favor.All right. Okay. A state of hyper focus where trading feels effortless, and everything just aligns perfectly.You feel good, you're not worried about your position sizes, you're not worried about nothing. Those are the days when I define, okay, I'm in the zone. It's often referred to as flow state or just peak performance because we are pretty much like athletes.We're mental athletes. We use our brain fucking capital to make money, right? We don't just press mouse buttons. There's a difference between people who are just starting out.They just press the buttons. We don't just press the buttons. We know when to press the buttons.That's the difference. We know when not to press buttons. All right.Now, in this state, we're in the zone. Market just feels super fucking clear. Everything's just coming to you.Distractions fade away. I'm just talking about how I feel in the zone. Like there's no distractions.Everything's looked after. Everything feels automatic. Like almost feel like fucking if somebody else is executing for you.All right. Our goal is to simply give you some strategies to help you achieve this state regularly. You can't achieve this state every day.This is not every day fucking thing. All right. If you try to get yourself in the zone every day, you're like, oh, I need to be in the zone every day or I'm not performing.No, it doesn't work like this. There's some days where you're just going to be out of the whack and things are not just going to work. The difference between people who do not make money and the people who make money while everybody's competing in the same fucking race.Everybody using the same charts. Everybody's pressing the same button. Everybody's using a similar fucking broker.The only difference is people who make money to understand that not every day. It's meant to be fucking you being in the zone and everything's just aligning. There's things where it's exact opposite trading.
You need to understand trading not in the zone. What does that fucking mean? A state of hyper focus, a state of fucking no focus where everything feels like, man, it's taking so much effort. Nothing's aligning.Markets doesn't fucking look clear. You're distracted. It feels like fucking it's not even you executing in this case.It feels like this little version of you which you do not want to execute is executing. You're sitting closer to the fucking edge of the chair. You're staring at the charts.Your hands are fucking shaking. Your palms are sweaty. Those days is called trading not in the zone.And they will be. Personally speaking, man, there's about 80% of the days when you're not going to be in the zone. This is my experience.80% of the days when you're just not going to be in the zone. 20% of the days you're going to be in the zone. Cool.So that means we have 220 fucking trading days or 250 trading days in a year. What's 80% of that? Those number of days you're just not going to be in the zone. That's 80% of that is like roughly we're looking at.What is it? 100. Fucking do the numbers. 200 days that you're not in the zone.And then 50 days you're going to be in the zone. Whatever the fucking numbers are. This is, hey, does this make sense to you? Guys, everybody.But you know the problem that happens? Most of the days you feel like this. I'm just keeping it real. Most of the days you're going to feel like you're not in the zone.It shakes the confidence. And the thing is, how less of the money you can lose on those days, which shouldn't be a fucking problem with KCU. The problem that you guys have is when you are in the zone, you're not able to fucking identify you in the zone.And you walk away telling yourself, nobody goes broke taking profits. And you walk away being fucking even like leaving money on the table. That means not making enough on the days when things are working for you.That's a problem. Most of the people have. Everybody agree? Not being able to make enough money on the days when shit's fucking moving.You don't lose too much. You don't blow up your account. If you blow up your account, that will be not because of the LTP, but you blow up your account because you did some dumb fucking shit, which is cool.
It's only you who can stop yourself from doing it. But not making enough money on those days is actually the reason. But the shit fucking thing is this one hides itself in the plain sight.This whole thing, this hides itself in the plain sight. That means you are green on the day where you made $600. You're happy about it.Like, oh my God, this is so good. But you could have made $7,000 because you didn't even dig deep into those days. You never know.You could have made $7,000. Think about it. Because you're happy because you made money, right? And the mistake that I used to do back in the day was if I'm a green man and I followed my system, I followed everything, and I'm green, I'd be so fucking happy.I'd be like, man, everything's sweet, done. I never dig deep into, like, why not more? Why did I walk away with $400? Why wasn't it $4,000? What did I do wrong? Why didn't I keep trading? Why didn't I just put on more size? What made me go a little bit shaky? Like, why? What message did I see? Was it somebody said in the chat that they fucked up in trading? Somebody that actually fucking gave you a little negative vibe, and now you're like, man, I don't want to be that person. Fuck it.I'm calling it a day. What was the reason? These are the few questions that you ask yourself. Was it somebody ruining your vibe? Was it fucking your kids running around? You got distracted? Or was it just, like, what was the reason you didn't make, why was the reason why there was no extra one zero behind it? If you made $100, why was the reason there was no one extra zero? If you were in the zone.We're talking about in the zone. Like, Nikhil can ask himself, Friday, let's say if he made $3,000, he can ask himself, why wasn't it $10,000? What went wrong? Where did it go wrong? I was in the zone Friday. Everything was working smooth.Why wasn't there extra one zero behind it? That makes sense to everybody, yo. Guys. But how do you actually get there? What do you need to do to get there? You need to fucking journal.You need to ask yourself questions. You need to be real with yourself. You need to jump to the fucking whiteboard and ask yourself, what was the fucking reason? Like, where did it all go wrong? Why did it all go wrong? How can I avoid this moving forward? What can I do to avoid this moving forward? Right? Now, why trading in the zone matters? The simple benefit of this is you will feel maxima, like you will feel super focused and there will be no emotional interference.Right? When you journal your days and you're like, man, I was super focused today. I was feeling super, like there was nothing fucking emotionally that was tying me to the trade. Then I want you to look back a little bit.Don't stop looking forward. You have defined a day called I'm in the zone. Look back.
What I mean by that is go in rewind mode. Okay. Let me rewind.You know how you know that rewinding works. Have you guys ever watched any movie where like athletes or like boxing and stuff, where the boxers are sitting in the back room, they're actually going over the fucking tapes over and over again. They're watching the moves over and over again.They're watching like, oh, this is where it went wrong. This is where it went right. I need to do more of this.They're watching that whole thing over and over again. They're basically rewinding their brain, going back in the memory lane, watching that stuff. So ask yourself, I was in the zone.Let me rewind. Rewinding means, okay, I woke up at this time. I ate this. I did this. Sweet. A day before I did this in my training, I did this.And I journaled. Everything was smooth at home. Everything was smooth at work.A day before that I followed my plan. Everything was smooth. Like ask yourself leading into that day why you actually felt that way.So imagine if next Thursday, everything is like, it's fucking like almost start feeling like deja vu at this stage. Like, man, I've lived this day before. And so many times in trading where I feel like, man, I've lived this day before.I'll show up and I'm like, I've lived this day before. Because I've lived so many fucking trading days in my life, man. It's almost feel like, man, I've lived this day before.And then my brain simply goes, okay, last time I felt like this. Ooh la la, I fucking printed. And that just puts you in a mental spot where you're like, man, I can print money today if everything came into my clutches.Right? You don't, please write this down. You don't need to be taught new things. You just need to be reminded.You don't need to be taught new things. Stop looking for next fucking big thing. Stop looking for, or if I should invest money in fucking crypto.Bro, just invest some time in yourself. That will be the biggest return on investment that you'll ever do. Period.All right. And this leads to better decision making, more consistent results. But the challenge that you guys face, the challenge that most of the people face, is this requires removing distractions.Managing performance anxiety. How do you remove distractions? There is, you know, one little
hack that I realized. Little hack that I realized in my training on my life was, it sounds super simple.Stop looking to add new things in your life. Sit back and think of what you can eliminate. Because I promise you, there's some things that you do right now, which you shouldn't be fucking doing, because you know the next version of you would not be doing the things.Do you honestly think you can think yourself, like let's say you're sitting on the couch watching a fucking show, drinking a beer where you can fucking go and simply work out. You're just wasting time sitting on the fucking couch and just scrolling Instagram reels. Do you see yourself, let's say, worth a couple million bucks doing that stuff? Be honest with me.Like if you have to visualize, if you close your eyes for one second, if you have to visualize, do you see yourself doing that stuff? Everybody, guys. What, fucking, you guys forgot how to type or is your eyes still shut? I think your eyes are still shut. You're like, fuck, I don't know how to type with eyes shut.Okay, right. Half the things that I do now, my future self wouldn't be doing. It's just so simple.It's literally so simple. You know what you need to be doing. You know what you don't need to be doing.But the thing is, you know, ready for, you know, welcoming that person who wants to come. Your next version of yourself. Bro, I don't recognize myself two years ago.What the decisions that I made. You know, now I think I look back and I'm like, this is one framework that I use when I'm making decisions. All right.This is the framework that I use. Have you guys ever, just say yes or no. Have you guys ever looked back in your life and you're like, man, I made that decision.Oh, fuck. There was such a stupid fucking thing that I did. Like, when you look back, you're like, man, there was such a stupid fucking decision I made.But, hey, but stop right here. At the time when you were making that decision, that decision felt right. Wasn't it? At the time when you were making that decision, it was like, this feels right.But now because you know a little bit more, now because you're not the same person anymore, you don't agree to yourself fucking two years ago. Hey, you don't agree with your own decisions two years ago. Like, man, what the fuck was I doing? This is the thing that I like to do now when I'm making a decision.I like to literally, this might sound fucking stupid to you. I don't know. I usually do this when I'm in the shower because I don't know, my brain just works a little bit better.When I'm asking myself, if I have a question in my brain, what should I do? I simply ask myself
this. Like, the two years version of myself, in two years, the version that I have, everybody listens to your vision video every day. Who doesn't actually listen to your vision video? You're like, yeah, it's not that important.If you were that person who's not actually listening to your vision video every day, the video that I talk about in the modules, you're like, man, ah, fuck it. It's a gimmick. Bro, it's not a gimmick.The stuff that you thought in your brain so far, I'll keep it super fucking real. Open your bank account, open your bank accounts, and stare at that fucking number. The decisions that you made brought you here.The decisions that you made so far brought you to this fucking number, whatever number is sitting in your bank. Are you happy with that? No. Bro, that means the decisions that you took were stupid.That means what your brain thinks is fucking stupid. So, huh, who are you to fucking judge that's just a gimmick? Bro, whatever you thought was a good decision brought you till here. That's the number sitting in your bank.You want to get to the next level? There's a few things that your brain needs to be fucking taught some lessons. So, that's what I ask myself from two years. I'm like, okay, the two-year version of me looking back, would he think that this decision was stupid or not? Super important.I'm like, usually this is like stuff I do in the shower. I'm like, two-year version of myself. I have the picture in my head what I'll fucking look like, what sort of house that I'm in, what sort of fucking car that I'm jumping out.Maybe I have a fucking little kid fucking running around. Then I'm like, okay, if I look back, would I say this decision was stupid or would I say this decision was a fucking good decision that I made? And I promise you, there has been a fucking hack that has brought me to here. It's always like every decision that I make, like, okay, two-year version of me, would he think that this decision was good or not? And go with the first thought.Okay, sweet, done. It works the best. That make sense? Yeah? Okay, that's my little framework of making decisions.How long, bro? As long as you want. There's a video on it. Mine one is, I think, two minutes and 13 seconds.But I have to, I'll keep it real, man. My vision video, I have to update vision video almost every month now at this stage. Because I, man, I kick some fucking goals big.I don't play around no more. I kick some, I take it super fucking serious. I look at my vision
video.I'm like, okay, this is where I want to go. These are the things that I need to do. All right, fuck it.I'm going to get it done. So I make a vision video almost every week. The current version is two minutes.Anyway, the challenge that most of you face is requiring that how you can remove the distractions that you're going through. Some fucking phone apps, some stuff that is causing you fucking drama, this stuff that causes you to compare yourself with other people where you're like, man, I'm 34 and this person's 38. Will I be able to get there by the time I'm 38? Anybody does that? Or is it just fucking me? I used to do that big time.I'd be like, man, I'm 21. Or this person's 27. I need to get there by 27.All right, I used to think that way. And oh my God, you know what? I never fucking moved even one step further. I never moved one step further.You know what I had to do? I had to unfollow everybody who made me fucking think that way. I'm like, man, look, there's nothing against you. I love you, but I need to unfollow.It was just the mistake that a lot of people make these days is you just have too many fucking mentors. You listen to too many fucking people. Yeah, you just have too many fucking mentors.Most of you have too many mentors. Without even that mentor taking you on board, you still look at him as like, oh, this person is coming from a position of power. That person doesn't even know that you exist.But in your brain, you're like, man, this person knows what he's talking about. And that one thing is just fucking confusing the fuck out of you at this stage. And that thing, yo, gives you performing anxiety because now you're comparing yourself.Oh, I need to be this person. I need to be this person. I need to be this person.All right. Now, if you need to achieve flair, it doesn't happen just automatically. All right.This don't happen automatically. This demands preparation, discipline, and just self-awareness. Knowing yourself to a point where you know yourself better than everybody.That make sense? And if you do not fucking know yourself, how do you expect somebody else to know more about you? Most of you don't fucking know about yourself. You don't know you. How do you know you is when you meditate.And this stuff looks funny, man, but most of the stuff that you do in your training comes from what you do in your life. Meditate a little bit. Sit down.You haven't tried everything. So when people tell me, oh, I've tried everything. Nothing's
working.I'm like, did you journal? Yes. Have you journaled your days? Yes. Do you meditate? Do you listen to your weekend video every day? I'm like, just asking questions.Do you print up every day? There you go. So stop fucking telling me that you've tried everything. No, you haven't.Actually, I said this to somebody over the weekend. I said, bro, you're full of shit. I'm like, you tell me that you have tried everything.And I asked you three questions. You haven't done any of this. And now you just want to come here and tell me, oh, I've tried everything.Nothing's working. You sure about that? You know what trying everything means? Everybody here knows. You've tried fucking almost, almost, almost whatever you fucking know.The thing is, you know that you should be doing this stuff. But you don't. Why? Because my whole point of doing this session is not to make you feel like shit.Hope you guys know that. I'm just asking tough questions. Because I am a mentor for you guys.And I'm going to call your shit out. Period. If you, bro, if you, what you say and what you do is not aligning, you're crazy.Go back to your normal fucking life. You'll be more happy. I'll say it one more time.What you say and what you do, if that's not aligning, go back to your normal life. You'll be more happy. What's the goal of making money? Being happy.If what you say and what you do is not aligning, quit this whole fucking thing. Go back to your normal job. Go back to fucking coming home at 7pm.As soon as you come home, grabbing a fucking beer, sitting on the couch, waiting for the dinner. Dinner cooks. Eating the dinner.Watch some TV. And then go to bed because you have work in the morning. Wake up. Have a shower. Go to work. Sit in the fucking traffic.If that's what you want to do, but you'll have last couple hours of the day a little bit more happy. Where you're able to relax with the family. If what you say and what you do is not aligning, this is where you're heading.May as well quit the fucking pain. Just like the whole pain that you... Three years of fucking pain. You might go through three years of pain.
Before you decide to quit. Because you don't have fucking balls. You don't have discipline to follow yourself through.Alright? I'm giving you permission today. You can avoid the three years of pain. If you're not willing to do what it takes.Just quit this. Stop. Go back to your normal life. Hey. Life will be more easier. Just saying.This shit's not easy. This shit's not easy. I'm telling you.There are going to be some people who will... Even from this... I'm just going to keep it real. Even from this session. People on the call.There are going to be some of y'all who are going to fucking quit. Because what they say and what they do. Things don't align.And you will keep lying to yourself. Up until it comes to a stage where people like me. Who are in the market.We do what we say. You keep trading up until I fucking take all your fucking money away from you. From the market.I'll say it one more time. You will stay in the game. Up until people like me decide how long you can stay in the game.Now tell me. How many people here. On this fucking session right now.Who actually believe. That what they say and what they do. Is not in alignment. And that's me. If that's you. Just say that's me.But. It doesn't have to be this way. From this point onwards.After this session. What you say and what you do. Actual two different things.Just be real to fucking yourself for once. Stop lying to yourself. Stop lying to the world. Stop just. Whatever you do to the world. Fucking I don't give a fuck.Stop lying to yourself. And you know this. No.It's just the self awareness. Just knowing that. Okay.If I'm going to do something. I'm going to fucking do it. Fuck it. If I tell myself that. I get in the zone. If I. Go work out every day.
Before the market opens. Even for 15 minutes. Huh.Even for 15 minutes. If I work out. And that puts me in a fucking mental spot. But I don't like to fucking go to the gym. Drive to the gym. And actually do it. You don't have fucking what it takes. Bro. Yet.But there's only you who can change yourself. So stop whining. Stop fucking bitching around. Actually do something. That your future self will be proud of. After you all fucking be rich.The moment you actually stop fucking. Stop bitching about everything. Stop just fucking complaining.And fucking being a victim all the fucking time. And you know who you are. Somebody asked me.He's like. Hey bro. Be honest with me.Do you miss your brother? I'm like. Yes I do. Why don't you go see him? I'm like. I do miss him. I'm just. I just don't have time to miss him that much.We talk all the fucking time. It's not bro. I don't have fucking time to feel.I'm busy. I don't have time to feel. I don't have time to sit around and fucking. Bitch and cry about fucking things. I don't have time. If everywhere you go.You have a problem. The problem might be you. Thank you so much. If in your life. You're having a fucking problem. In your job.You're having a problem. In trading. You're having a problem.In the discord. You're having a problem. When you do the modules. You're finding fucking problem. Bro. It might be you.Just be real to yourself. Oh. I'm never wrong.What? Why? You mother Teresa. Just be self-aware. I'm Miss Alabama. All right. Now. The first strategy.You need to build commandments. And a rule book. The key insight here is. Your brain. Thrives on repetition. Okay.
They said so much. The lessons you teach also help us in real life. Trading is real, man. This is what I'm. This is what I'm. The topic that I'm trying to bring.Trading in some fucking gimmick. It changed my life. It changed everything for me.Bro. My parents don't have to fucking work ever again. My kids are not even fucking born. And they're rich. I live in a fucking. A few million dollar fucking house.In my driveway. There's a couple million fucking sitting there. My bank account has a few. Bro. This shit is real. And people don't take it seriously.That just. It just blows my mind. Well, I'm like.This shit ain't no gimmick. Whatever you do in your life. Has impact on your trading. Because whatever you do in your trading. Has impact on your life. It works both ways. That makes sense. If you make $30,000 from your trading. It's going to impact your life. But if you use all your mental fucking capital. In your life. Bro.Doing dumb shit. What happens to your trading? You're going to do some dumb shit. Because you don't have any capital left to make decisions anymore.Right. So the brain thrives on repetition. Consistent routines.Create mental little fucking scripts. Or neurons. Fucking little neurons. That makes talk super easier. Like. The first thing that you need to do. Everybody here. You need to focus on executions. What I mean by that is.Building a list of commandments. Also focus on decisions. Also focus on executions. Not decision making. What that means is. When we are focusing on planning.You just. Pretty much at this stage. It's cool to plan.There's times to plan. There's times to execute. There's times to think. Write this down. Please write this down. There's times to think.There's times to execute. As a day trader. The time to think.Is before the market open. When the market is open. There's no fucking time to think. Bro. That's when you execute. Write this quote down.
That I fucking heard ages ago. And this is so fucking important. Be super careful. When you're planning. Be super careful. When you're planning.But. Be bold when you're executing. All the energy.That you have. Should go into planning. When you come to fucking execution. You should be this fucking beast. There's no. There's no fucking.When you're in the zone. There's no time to plan. Everybody who ever experienced. The zone. You know what I'm talking about. There's no.Your brain's not planning. You're just focusing on execution. Am I right? Yes or no? That feeling. Is. Because you like to fucking overthink everything. Or that person looked at me because.This reason. And you start overthinking. Or he texted me this.Or he did. And you have fucking problem. With overthinking everything in your life. You can overthink everything. In trading as well. It's 11 hours.Or he didn't fucking send a emoji. With the fucking text. That means he's fucking upset. Or she's fucking. You know she's mad. Or she's always a bit.Bro you got a. You sent a message. Like this is what a message. I sent. If I see a message. From somebody that I know. If I see a message.From somebody. Telling me. Something.My reply usually is. Seen. This is the reply I do. Like literally. It says. Seen.Sometimes there's nothing to fucking say. But I don't want to leave. The person unread. So it goes. Seen. S-W-N.Seen. Like. What? Bro I don't have.Time to fucking reply. I don't. I don't have time.To decode your message. Sometimes my missus. Will send me a fucking message. And my missus is like. Oh if I put a full stop. At the end.
Missus is like. If I put a full stop. At the end of the message. That means I'm not happy. I'm like. I don't have time.To fucking decode your. Science. Just tell me.You're not happy. About something. I'll fucking fix it. I'm like. I don't have time. You.You're not happy. About something. Let me know. If there's some problem. With me. Yo.I'll fix. Just talk. You know.It's so easy. Because I'm. There's time to plan. There's time to execute. The planning phase is. Okay. If she's a problem. Okay. I'm thinking about it.When it's time to execute. Boom. Done.Bro. This is how you need to do. And that over time.Develops neural pathways. You will be able to. Execute trades. Better. Every time. It's like.That little fucking thing. Over and over again. It's just. Developing to a stage. Where it went from. Just like. In the middle of the jungle. You know. Out of.All the fucking woods. You can hardly. See the trail.But over time. And you keep doing it. Over and over again.It becomes a fucking highway. In your brain. Where the neurons. Are getting fired. And you know. Not using them any.The muscles. In the brain. Build up.Because of the part. You're using. I don't know.If the science actually. Works like this. But it works like this.
For now. Okay. And then you need to.First is. Focus on execution. Focus on building. Habits. Same habits. Over and over again.Tell your brain. 830 a.m. This is what I do. 9 a.m. This is what I do. 730 a.m. This is what I do. 1 p.m. This is what I do. Bro.So fucking important. It's. It takes.Less energy. To do something. When you're doing it.The same time of the day. And it's about. Energy management. It's not about. You know. People talk about.Time management. I don't fucking think it's. Time management.I think it's. Energy management. You need to manage your energy. How can you manage your energy. The best way. By focusing on.Okay. Let me repeat everything. At the same time of the day. This is the time. That I need to fucking do this. And then create. A trading rule book. Like literally. A black and white.Rule book. For your trading strategy. If.This happens. I'd like to take a trade. If it's in. NTZ. I don't want to trade. If it's above.Free market. I like to take a trade. I like.I don't like to take a trade. On two minute. I like to take a trade.On a five minute chart. I don't want to watch. Two minute chart anymore. I just want to watch. Two minute chart. Five minute chart.Just create a fucking. Rule book. You should have. Everybody's rule book. Going to be different. What stocks. I like to trade. What time of the day. I like to trade.
All this is super important. Now. Some practical steps. You guys have. Is create a black and white. Rule book.For your trading strategy. What I mean by black and white. Just like. Plain and simple. Bang. This is it.Done. There's no maybe. I will do this. Nah. It's either black. Or either white.There's no way in the middle. That makes sense. There's no fucking maybes. When you're trying to get to the money. You either do something. Or you don't. Or maybe. Nah. Fuck maybes.Bro. There's so many messages. I've asked my miss. Literally. Like to a point. A little point.Like where. I'll text my wife. Do you want some food? And she'll be like. Maybe. I'm like. Babe.There's no maybes. In this fucking world. Do you want to eat. Or you don't want to eat. Tell me. Yes or no.But. You know. With women.It works a little bit different. If she says no. That means yes. If she says yes. That means yes. Sometimes it means no.It's crazy. But you get the point. Right.And then. You need to execute. The same way. Each time. To develop this. Neural pathways.And not just trades. Execute the habits. The same way. As well. Same things. Over and over again.Bro. Life becomes so much easier. If everything goes on autopilot.When things are happening in my life. Man. When I'm not just in the fucking mood.
To do anything. I don't even realize. I still do all my non-negotiables. You know. Why. Because.They have become. Like. I go on autopilot.When I don't want to do anything. I go on autopilot. When I'm on autopilot. I don't realize. What I'm fucking doing. But I'm doing everything.That I need to do. It's just. It's pretty much. Exactly. Like. Trading.You're trading. Like. Brushing your teeth. It becomes automatic. With practice. Now.What should be the outcome here? Building these lists of commandments. Allow you to focus on execution. Not decision making.Hey. Guys. First point.Everybody clear with this? Yes. Or no? Building certain fucking rules. Certain. You should follow them. Like a religion. This is what I need to fucking do.Nothing else. Everything else. Everything else.Can literally go fuck themselves. That's it. This is what I need to focus. Nothing else. Nothing else. Should fucking matter.The power of this little. Mental. Neurons.Mental scripts. Example is. When you're tying your shoes.You don't consciously fucking think about each step. It's a learned routine. Similarly with trading.Repetition builds familiarity. And that reduces your cognitive load. That means less mental capital is being used.used. You know I had to do this or I would have fucked up in my trading. You know why? Because I stay awake whole day and trading is my last thing to do during the day.And after trading I go sleep. Then I repeat. Trading is my last thing to do on the day.The last thing after I have used all my brain fucking cells, mental capital to do everything that I
need to do. Trading is the last thing. For people who think like oh my god waking up early in the morning is so hard to fucking trade.Bro think about trading late at night when you have used all your mental capital during the day. Bro you have no energy left. But now you are trading.And you are still able to fucking make millions. How did I do that? I had to do this or I would not be able to succeed. How? Super fucking simple.I personally went on this little, this is 2021 I believe or 2020. 2021 where I went on this few months journey of whatever I do during the day. Just trying to do everything at the same fucking time.It was just my way of using the least amount of energy during the day. How can I go on this hibernation mode during the day so I have more energy to spend late at night? How can I stop overthinking now? What do I need to do now which don't really require my fucking thinking power? How can I automate something? How can I use leverage here? Leverage comes with, can I automate it? Can I fucking code something with this? I don't know how to code but you know, like every little thing but you get the point. Automating some processes.Your life a little bit. How can I save a little bit energy here and there everywhere? Then the thing came, okay how can I automate my process to like what clothes I am going to fucking wear for the day? And this might look fucking cliche bro but I had to do this because I am trying to save every little fucking thing during the day for late at night trading. Can I avoid this meeting? Do I need to be on this? Do I need to fucking think about it? Do I need to be on my phone and worry about fucking somebody else's fucking problems and people complaining about something on the fucking Instagram reels or somebody telling me that I am a piece of shit? Do I need all that crap? No, because let me save this mental energy.Let me just do what actually is going to make me fucking happy. I had to do this. But for you if you trade early in the morning, this whole thing for me it's like fucking 16 hours.For you it might be 16 minutes from the fucking point where you wake up to now you are sitting in front of the desk. And you tell me you can't manage this 16 minutes? Bro it blows my mind. Does that make sense to everybody? You are just fucking going over your head.And somehow you guys are not able to manage this 16 minutes. Fucking when you wake up and you fucking jump on Instagram reels like you are going to make money from that. You sit in the fucking bathroom, you sit in the toilet and now you are checking your fucking phone.If I am able to control and manage in 16 hours of my fucking life so I can reduce my cognitive load bro, how can you not manage your half an hour early in the morning? Repetition brings familiarity. Now key takeaways, automate parts of your life, automate parts of your trading. It's going to help you process like no mental energy while you are analysing stuff.
Like even when you are actually looking at the charts and you are trying to ask yourself is this trendy, is this trendy, is this trendy, is this trendy, is this trendy or is this trendy? That right there is using, you are using mental capital to analyse what's moving. I like to fucking think of it like, ok I use, I don't like to see what's trendy, I like to see what's not trendy because I realised I use less mental fucking energy when I am trying to pick which one is not moving and I do that. Every single thing that I do is for me to fucking not think, think about it.Rather than trying to see can I trade this? No, the question is, ok there is two on a moving average, I want to trade, no there is no trade, done. There is no point overthinking, there is no point thinking oh if it breaks and retest, if it does break and retest, think then. There is no point thinking now.Why are you making up scenarios in your head up until the scenario is not even there? Or if it breaks above this ORB then it gives me a pullback, I'll trade, oh my god this looks good. But bro it hasn't happened yet, why are you making up shit in your head? Save your mental energy for now. Why can't you save it? That makes sense yo, how many of you actually do this? You fucking actually, you actually keep fucking looking at the charts thinking this might set up, this might set up, this might set up, this might set up.But bro, you can't save the energy for now, save the fucking energy now. Why letting your brain, why are you letting your brain getting, like your brain is getting tired for no fucking reason. You wanna think, think in the pre-market.If it breaks above this level, this will happen, if this breaks, and the what if scenarios, how many people actually have, do the what if scenarios? Hey, how many people do what if scenarios? I speak about this, and that what if scenario should be in the pre-market. Not all, hey not, that what if scenarios for your trading should be in the pre-market. What if this level breaks, and we go to this level, and you know, all the what if scenarios that we do in the pre-market, that should be in the pre-market.If you need to do something yo, I'll tell you some fucking simple hack, I'll give you, I'll give you inside tip that has helped me. I plan my next day and night before. You know why? Because now when I'm planning my next day and night before, guess what, next day I don't have to fucking think of doing anything, my mental energy can be saved, because I know what to do.This time should think, this time should execute. The moment I wake up, bro I'm on this fucking little, in my brain I'm thinking, let me just smash the fucking things that I need to do. And boom, I get straight to fucking work.I don't do, no, let me go do this, this, this, this, this, all this, getting myself ready so I can work. No, I wake up, from the point I wake up to the point where I actually sit in front of my fucking desk and actually start working, it's about 15-20 minutes. Bro, I, then I smash whatever I need to do, done.
And the brain dump that I do that comes before the market open, from that brain dump, it becomes my to-do list for the next day, because that's the stresses, the things that are stressing me out, that becomes the to-do list for the next day. My life pretty much has been on autopilot for the last fucking 34 years. These are the things that I do every day.And now tell me, everybody who fucking said, oh I have tried everything, now tell me, have you guys tried everything? Simple question, yes or no? You haven't even scratched the fucking surface yet, and now you want the results like me, but you haven't done anything to welcome the person who, bro, your future self wants to come in your life. Right? This is the thing, your future self, the version that you want to become, that version want to fucking come. He wants the best for you.He doesn't want, bro, nobody in this fucking world wants the best for you, as well as that person, your future self. He wants the best for you at this stage, and he wants to come, ASAP, but you're not allowing him. Think about it, how can I make sure that person can get to my fucking life? And I'd like to think of it as, okay, I'm like, okay, I'm working out, I'm going to the gym, dropping some weight as of now, I'd like to think of like the future version or two year version of me, is a bit skinny and is in a better shape.I'm like, if he comes, he ain't going to fit in my fucking clothes, so that's why he's like, fuck this shit, I ain't coming. You see what I'm saying? He's like, fuck this shit, there's no clothes for me there. I think of it like that.Whatever you need to think of. Now, vision video consists of thank you, submission, positive, for a reason. I appreciate you, bro.Right? The second point is, riches are in the niches. You know what niches mean? Niches means like a niche of businesses, or like it's a small niche of the market where people focus on, you know, community services for people who are over 35, you know, single moms, don't have any friends, just moved on into the new area will help you fucking make friends. That's a super fucking super small niche.He said we, we's married now. But riches are in the niches. You get the point, right? Now, key insight here.This is the second strategy. Narrowing down your focus to top two or three stocks or time frames that you expertise in. So it eliminates distraction.Just narrow down, bro. Narrow down for now. Why it works.It avoids over trading or choosing random fucking opportunities. It's just going to help you refine your mental scripts with a consistent framework. You have a consistent framework.Now, you just need to pick up, pick some niche. This is the strategy that I use. This is what is the time frame that I use.
This is the stock that I use. It needs to be above these particular levels. It needs to be above ORB.It needs to be above no trading zone, or it needs to be above yesterday's high. That's when I take it right. Just pick your niche.Some days there might be no trade. And then action steps that you need to take right now. Identify the setups, time frames or stocks where you excel.Dedicate your energy to mastering those specific areas. Everything else, yo, is this. The woman in the red dress.Distraction. Everything else is a distraction. Do you know what happens when he looks at this woman in the movie Matrix.He turns around and that's where the agent is standing there pointing a gun on his head. Why? That's a distraction. Everything in your life, everything in your life, guys, need to be super niche based.Like this is what I do. This is how I make money. This is what I need to do.This is what I need to not do. It's just so simple. Like for my Instagram content, do you think I just make content about, oh, this is my favorite car because of this, this, this reason.Or do I post about, oh, I'm giving money away to fucking somebody in the street. No, I don't. That's not my niche.My niche is just fucking charts. I like just, bro, that's what I like. Charts, telling my story, that's what I like.And that's it. Nothing else. And you know what happens to people who, initially when you're in the niche, bro, you don't grow.You see, you feel yourself, man, I'm not growing and everything. Everyone else is growing. I was sitting at last year, this time I had 15, 16, 17,000 followers.Now I have like 250 plus. It's just when you're in the niche, growth happens exponentially. Same goes in your trading.When you're in the niche, you pick few things that you trade the best. Everything is a woman in the red dress. That's it.You're good. Sweet. The third point is, I didn't want to swear.I thought I'll try not to use them any helping words, but it just happens. For anybody who's new here, my bad, yo. It just happens.
This thing fucking pissed me off. It had written RSI. Fucking pissed me off.Oh my God. Like fuck RSI, but I tried to change it. Then this spelling was wrong.I'm like, why do R and why R not? And that's why, what the fuck is happening? Third point, literally that's where the name came from because of this photo. What the fuck is happening right now? This is where you need to ask yourself in the market. What's the key inside? Every chart is trying to tell you something that reveals its context.Is it trendy, momentum, key levels? What is it? Yeah, you agree. Every chart's trying to tell you a little story. It's trying to fucking reveal what's happening behind the people who are trading those names.It's trying to give you this story, the psychology that's inside here. But now you need to ask yourself, is the market trending or is it range bound? Who's in control? Bulls or bears? It's literally so simple. These are the questions you ask yourself.Can you ask these questions when the market is open? Fuck yeah. Ask questions. Is the market trendy or ranging? Trendy.Who's in control? Bulls. Are we in the middle of the fucking trend or are we just starting the trend, middle of the trend or end of the trend? How do you know that? When we're breaking out of a quick, like this is being choppy. You guys tell me.It's being choppy and a breakout. The decent volume. What's this out of these three? What's this? Beginning, middle or end? It's the beginning of a trend.Why? Because we broke out of the stupid big chop. Okay, can you catch the beginning of a trend? How could you have made money on the beginning of a trend? You can't. You can't make money here.Right? Let it go. It's the beginning of a trend. Okay.It pulls back. Pulls back on a low volume. Otherwise it's super high volume.What's happening? Middle or end? It's a middle. Why? Volume makes sense. Okay. Goes high. Pulls back again. The volume still makes sense.And then it goes high and the volume doesn't go high. What is it? Middle or an end? Now, where the volume is not able to make a new high. Where the fucking, the thrust has increased.But when we actually make a decent push, it didn't fucking make a big push. It's an end. Okay. It's an end of a trend. You see this? Okay. You see this? Unit trade.What to do? Okay. Follow your, if you have to follow this, follow this closely. That's when you
pay attention or if you want to jump out, take some profits, take some profits, whatever.Three questions. Can you ask yourself when the market is open? Is the market trendy or ranging? Trending. Who's in control? Bulls.Are we in the beginning, middle or an end? If you watch the charts when we arrive here, like at this point when you watch the charts, are we in the beginning? Yeah, we're in the beginning. If you watch the charts here, the question becomes the market, trending or ranging? Market's ranging. Who's in control? Nobody.We're not in a trend. Sweet. When you watch the charts here, bulls are in control. We're in the fucking middle of the trend. It looks sexy. Let me take this trade.That make sense? This is it. Yo, that's trading. And you overthink every little fucking thing.You overcomplicate shit for no reason. So the practical tip is, review the price action from the start of the day or from the first candle to understand how the market has evolved. Think.Like when you're asking yourself this question, it was super trendy, super choppy, and then we finally broke above. Sweet. Okay.Now it's pulling back. Sweet. This looks nice.Business candle's a little big, but that's okay. The next level makes sense. That means I'm risking a dollar to potentially make two and a half dollars.Sweet. I'm going to take this fucking trade. Yeah, even though the patient's candle is big, practically it still makes sense because I'm risking a dollar to potentially make still two dollars, even though the patient's candle is a bit big.Right? So ask yourself this question in the market. What the fuck is actually happening? So you explain this the best way possible. I think, matter of fact, my grandfather was a teacher.He was the first teacher from our whole village, from a little town. He was a teacher. Then my mom was a teacher.Now, hey, I'm taking the family thing moving forward. The tradition moving forward. That's it.Now, what the fuck's actually happening right now? You got it. Now, why market context is so crucial? Example, without context, a new trader might rely solely on indicators leading to missed opportunities or unnecessary losses. You look at the indicator and you're like, just because when there's nothing setting up, you look at shit like RSI.You look at shit like MACD. You look at shit like fucking, you look at stuff for no reason. Unnecessary.
Bro, some of the losses that you guys take were unnecessary. Those things were not meant to be fucking there, but you took a loss. Those losses are unnecessary.Has anybody from last, just in last one or two weeks, you've taken a loss because of, it was unnecessary loss. It was not even required, but you still took a loss. Anybody? And you're like, now you're looking back, you're like, man, what the fuck? You know what that is? That's like taking money out of your pocket and actually fucking lighting it on fire.That's what it is. Unnecessary. You know why? Because you forgot to fucking look at the context.Ask yourself, fucking what's actually happening in the market? What's actually happening in the market? The key message that I want you guys to take moving forward is, context is going to allow you to interpret price action and trade with the bigger picture in mind. What I mean by bigger picture is, whatever you already know. It's choppy.All right. Start it moving. Go back.This way, I like, I want to see if it gives me an entry. If it doesn't give me an entry, if there's no patience, candle still moves. Fuck it.It is what it is. Who gives a fuck? Huh? Then you feel formal and then you do some dumb shit and you take an unnecessary fucking loss. And we're back to the scale one.Wouldn't it be so much easier just to look at the context? You wait for your fucking entry. You know what you need to do and you still don't do it. Hey, be honest with me.Would your life be easier if you actually truly fucking did what you know you should be doing? From KC, you've already learned this stuff. Would your life be easier if you just did what you already know that you should be doing? But you tell yourself that you're doing everything that you were supposed to do. But can you actually look me in the fucking eye and tell me you're doing everything that's required? That's a question.Half of you can't. Most of you can't. I'm struggling with this.I'm struggling with this. I'm struggling with this. I'm struggling.Bro, struggles only fucking matter when you have actually followed the framework. All right. Now, this is big cliche, but inputs equals outputs.If your inputs are shit, your output's going to be shit. But what can you control? Can you control the outputs? No. Most of you want to control the outputs and base your inputs accordingly.No, you can't. Your inputs means your outputs. As most of you already fucking told me, your inputs, about maybe 50% of the people here, their inputs are shit.
The stuff that you're doing is shit. And that leads to what's the output? If shit's the input, what's the output? Shit. There you go.It's just that simple, yo. It's literally that simple. It's cliche, but man, my dad used to tell me when I was a kid, my dad used to tell me all the time, he'd be like, you always want to be a farmer.There's two ways how things can go. One person is a farmer. The other one is a pirate.Pirates just want the best out of everything. Now, they think of like, let's just take every little thing. The farmers, they're like, no problem.I want to come back to this over and over and over and over and over again. No stress. What happens? Which one should you be? Want to be a farmer? You want to be a pirate? Farmers worry about the inputs.Pirates worry about the outputs. Farmers, you can come back every season and fucking you have something. Pirates, guess what? They ate now.When's there going to be next food? Don't know. Huh. So that means all these crypto motherfuckers, when crypto starts booming, you start seeing these 18-year-old fucking kids start giving you fucking money twice.This is what you need to do. No, they're just like a pirate, bro. They just got lucky ones.Sweet. Even you and me, we both know what happens next. We both know what happens next.The only people that are going to survive in this fucking game are the farmers, not the pirates. It's just the way the game works. And it's not the money that actually makes you the man that you want to be.It's the journey to get to the money that actually, the lessons that you learn along the way, the people that fucking stab you in the back, the things that you thought were the fucking best things to do, but later on turned out to be shit. Those little things actually make you the fucking person that you actually can become the farmer, not just the money. Right? Now, the problem here is focusing on profits creates anxiety and fear of losses, disrupting your flow.Because you're trading backwards. You want to see the output, and then you want to worry about the input. It don't work that way.Like me, I want to see my six-pack abs, and then I'll stop eating fucking KFC. Good luck with that, right? Now, the solution here is super simple. You need to define simple clear and exit rules.This is my entry rule. This is my exit rule. If I enter here, this is where I'm going to exit.
That simple. The inputs that you do in your life is what your output is going to define. Another thing I'm talking about with my dad, one lesson of the day my dad was telling me, he's like, son, never go into a room that you do not know how to get out of.I was about to take some decision, and I didn't know if I should take it. I spoke to my dad, and my dad's like, do you think you'll be able to get out of it? If you have to, I'm like, I don't know. He's like, don't go in a room where you don't know that you'll be able to get out of, or when you'll be able to get out of, or how to get out of.I just fucking loved it so much, and it turned out to be the good decision. Not doing it. You know what I mean? That's the thing that I need you to think of in every training.If you're entering, where's the exit? Don't take a trade if you do not know where you're going to get out of. Don't jump into a fucking room if you do not know how to get out of. Don't make a phone call where you do not know how to fucking get out of the phone call.Don't jump into a group meeting where you do not know how to get out of. It's so fucking important. Don't drink to a point where you do not know how to fucking get home.Every little thing matters. We already know this. This is cliche, but we ignore this when it comes to trading.But now, how do you actually put the time and the inputs? Backtest. Minimum 100 trades to build confidence. Use the trading view feature.It's so fucking simple. Use the trading view feature where you go, this replay, you go, um, go back. Okay, let's set up the charts by Microsoft.Let's set up the charts, and then we go on a five minute. We go, um, replay, and we go from here, we select a random bar. That's it.That's all you need to do. It just picks up a random fucking day, like this is 2014. Bro, this is 2014.July 22nd, 2014. Just go one candle at a time. The pre-market has started, and when the market starts, just go one thing at a time, and then ask yourself, is this the trade that I'll take? Is this the trade I'll take? Is this the trade I'll take? Or is this the trade I won't take? That simple.Just backtest. You can actually backtest like I'll show you. Um, if you have to worry about SPY and 930, you can actually backtest here.Um, like this. So the market opened. Let's say you have to, um, you're looking at this and you're like, oh, there's no trades right now.Sweet. Okay, let's wait for the next candle. The market decided to be bearish.
Tesla's already bearish. Let's see, still waiting for an entry. Okay, everything's bouncing. Heavy. No trades. Alright, here we go.New highs. Uh, micro, micro little fucking trend. Let's say, for example, we don't have to.Let's say, for example, we're like, okay, if SPY breaks above this 198.2, I'll go long. Yeah? This is what you do. You press the play and you click this buy and sell.Okay, I'll buy. But you get the point. You see, if I bought, um, I bought a little bit late because the candle was too fucking fast.You can slow it down to way slower. Um, that means if you're buying here, selling where, well, you can actually back this like this. So instead of one, you can select a hundred.So it kind of looks a little bit more soothing for your fucking brain to think of. Um, let's see this. Now you're holding a hundred.Okay. I'll add more because another patient's candle. Let's say, for example, I'm just throwing numbers right now.Adding another contract here. Okay. You have, because it's fucking super cheap, 2014, you made 21 bucks and you have to sell.You're holding 200. Um, you can click flatten. It'll just close all the position.So now there's $21 in profit. This is replay, replay trading. Um, go do this for about a fucking hundred trades, slow and steady.Just stick with it and then see what the fuck is going on in your, what's going on in your equity curve. Does it make sense? This is the equity curve. Just go check.Okay. Um, this is what's happening next. Um, you know, this is how you start and just, man, just fall in love with this little fucking thing.And it actually marks it on your charts. You bought here, you sold here, um, and slow it down one update per 10 seconds. It just gives you enough fucking time.And now, meanwhile, while you're doing this, there might be some other trade on something else. You know, this is a cool thing about it. There might be a trade on something else.Is Microsoft looks weak? Oh, 11 o'clock. So just jump to 10 minutes. Just click 10 minutes and wait on a 10 minute chart.If Microsoft breaks below this 44.83, we might go downside. Spy is still looking cool for the upside. Press this.
It goes one update every 10 seconds. You get my point? That's how easy it is. And then you just trade accordingly.If you don't want to go that back and you're like, man, I don't know. I don't want to go that back. Click random bar again.You find, you find something. This is again, 2014. This is 2022.Go and play with this. This is just a replay feature. How do I set up six windows right here? Six.Don't have to be six, but you can do four. But this is how I watch the charts. And this is called a random bar, all six.And now this is will this will help you define what to trade, what not to trade, how to trade and back test. Going back to the, this is how you back test. Sweet.Use the trading view feature and then go and check your replay trading stats. See what the fuck you're doing. See performance summary, list of trades you took, why you took it.Go check this stuff. Does that make sense? Guys, everybody. I like to do back test six charts at the same time.The reason why I like to do that is super simple. It helps me define what not to trade, because if I know what not to trade, I'll be able to focus better on what to trade, because not everything is going to be moving at one time. They're going to be one stock, which is choppy.And I want to know choppy one. Do as many as you can. Do six, eight, because that's like being more real.Because it's just, you know, just focusing on one chart at a time, do as many as you can. And then when the market is about to open, we'll wait. I'm going to take fucking forever.Okay, here we go. Market open. And when you're focusing on this as in and or select hundred from here, just more easier.Buy and sell. And look at this. Which trade would you take? Do you want to move with average? No entry.Do you want to move with average here? No entry, no entry, no entry. Sweet. Let me go one candle further.Tesla looks bearish. If Tesla breaks below, now the stop loss is super fucking wide. There's like$2.Okay, next level can be 200. Does this trade make sense for me to risk to 200 as a whole number? Should I take this now? Fuck it. That's pretty much you defining yourself if you want to take a trade or not.
Yeah, risky. It helps you define what's risky. And keep going like this.You know, the stock is bouncing. Okay, it caught above the VWAP. Okay, caught above the VWAP.Let's see if next candle comes down and retest this VWAP as well by as advanced VWAP strategy. It's just bro, just that little fucking simple things, little simple tricks that you give yourself your brain. And you know, to see if your strategy works, if this is called backtesting.That makes sense to everybody, yo. This is a beautiful fucking trade. Beautiful trade to ORB.Right? Do this. Backtest 100 trades. It'll give you some, okay, these are the inputs that I need to do to help you make commandments as well.Alright, and then what should be the mantra? One simple fucking thing that you should be living by is inputs means outputs. That means inputs matter more because whatever you put in, you're able to get out. If you want fucking more sugar in your coffee, bro, you better be putting more fucking sugar.Input means outputs. More sugar you put, more sweeter it will be. More inputs you actually have.And now, I don't want you guys to just spend all the fucking time in front of the charts just because you're doing this. There needs to be diversification of your mental capital. The time to do this, this time to spend with family, this time to do everything.Okay? Now, how to remove the fear of losses? Backtest your strategy. In God we trust, rest everyone should fucking bring numbers. Period.In God I trust, rest everybody needs to bring numbers. And trade with risk capital. What does that mean? Risk capital.Only trade with risk capital means money you can afford to lose. If you are somebody who are like, man, I'm putting in $150 and this is, I have last $1,000 and this $150 could have been used to pay the fucking bills, the bills are due, bro, you're asking for trouble. Trade with money you can afford to lose.And if you're like at a stage where you can't afford to lose any, bro, it's 2020 fucking five nearly. Go figure out a way to make some money. Go work extra hard over the weekend.Go fucking don't sleep. How can you sleep when you're broke? Make some fucking money. What do you want me to tell you fucking how to work extra hard? You know how to do it.You know what you need to do. It's 2025, yo. Now, even you know how to do it.One thing that I know that a lot of day traders struggle with is they get into this delusional
phase where they start thinking of themselves already fucking made it. And now when they're looking back, they're like, oh my God, I've got to go fucking do Uber Eats to fucking make a little bit of money. Nah, I ain't doing that.I'm going to do something which is more valuable. I'm going to do something which is, you know, I can't do that. I've got to focus my energy.My time is worth more. Bro, you're broke. Let's be real.You need to do everything and everything so you can get some capital. You're not working for money. You're working to get the capital.That's the difference. Because you know what it is? When you do not have enough money, you'll try to flip the money. Stop trying to flip the money where you're putting in $300 and you want$300 in return.That's 100% trade. Bro, start leveraging your money. To leverage, you need money. Leveraging means, let me put in, to make $300, let me put in $1500. I'll make 20%. That's $300.Which one do you think is more easier? Taking a 100% trade on every single trade to make $300 or taking a 20% trade on options making $300? Which one do you think is easier? 20%. So stop trying to flip your money, yo. Get some capital and leverage your money.Leveraging your money is where money is. 10%, 20%, 30% more easier than trying to catch 100%, 50%, 70%, 500% trades. It's less stressful.Write this down. Don't try to flip the money. Instead, leverage.But to leverage, you need capital. And what do you need to do in order to get capital payments on you? Avoid emotional attachment. You're going to always have emotional attachment to everything that you do.Everything that we do, if you put time in, you're going to have emotional attachment to that thing. I can write a little fucking number on a piece of paper because the little effort that I did, I would have that emotional attachment sitting here up until I put it on my phone or whatever else to stay here because I might need it. That's emotional attachment.You will have emotional attachment to everything. But you need to avoid emotional over- attachment. What that means is, we day traders, we start getting fucking overly attached to individual trades.We pick up a direction, bearish in the big market, now you're biased. Whole day can be fucking bullish whole day, but you're trying to keep taking the rejections and you miss the whole bullish move just because you're being a little pain in the ass. You see what I'm saying? Key outcome.
A clear process reduces fear and keeps you focused on execution. Period. Why do you trade NYSE? Does Australia have stock market? It's just not enough volume.I want to do some size man. I tried it back in the day, but no. Are we trading directly on TradingView or IBKR and why? We're trading on IBKR.TradingView is only for just the charts. That's it. Why? Because I don't like to attach anything to my broker.It's just me being old school. I like to attach anything to my broker. There's no third party apps will ever fucking be attached to my broker.And there's a reason for that. It's just I don't trust nobody. So I use IBKR to execute because it's a broker and TradingView to only chart.That's why I don't have TradeZilla or anybody who are able to directly pull out information from my broker. No. The only person who's able to pull out anything from my broker is me.Nobody else. That make sense? Guys, so far this session making sense? Everybody? Okay. And the last thing is what's the end game for you? What's the end game? What's the game? What's the goal? What's the end game? The super simple concept is how many people actually want to be trading for another 10 years? Let's say everybody, right? Then why do you trade like it's your last day to trade today? You want to be trading another 10 years.Why do you want to trade it like that is the last day? Yeah, trading for tomorrow. If you got out of the fucking business today, yo, guess what? Not in the business for tomorrow. You're done.You're trying to prove a point for today. Now the version for tomorrow to himself a favor. He's look, the person who is coming tomorrow, you version of tomorrow.He's just looking back and he's like, please just don't do dumb shit. He's praying to you. Please, bro.Just don't do dumb shit. Just let it go. He can't just directly talk to you, but he's looking at you and be like, man, just don't do dumb shit.Just learn the lesson. Just move on, please. Just do himself a fucking favor.If you want to crush your goals, sweet, but don't crush that version of you who's sitting there for tomorrow, his goals. So trade for tomorrow. Matter of fact, there was a few weeks ago, maybe a couple of weeks ago, there was a little game that we people were playing in the in the McDonald's close to my house.So I went there to get the coffee in the driver. And the lady said, I'm sorry. So it has been about 20 cars that has keep paying forward.
Your coffee's already paid for. Would you like to pay forward for the person behind you? I'm like, fuck no. It's just funny.I'm like, fuck no. Why the fuck do I do that? We thinking of building this chain? I'm like, no, I'm not doing it. I'm not fucking paying for no motherfucker who can be eating at home is fucking want to come outside and eat with his fucking whole family.Yo, fuck that shit. The lazy fucking piece of shit. Yeah, but I look back.I'm like, fuck this whole motherfucker sitting at the whole people sitting in a family because they're lazy. Fuck. So I said, No, I'm not paying for them.I'll give you 50 bucks tip. This is for you, not for them. It just made me feel so much better.Now, I don't know why I'm bringing this up. It just makes me feel so much better. So, you know, trading for tomorrow pretty much is this where the whole concept, you need to know when to fucking stop this whole bullshit drama that has been fucking starting.Bro, that would have been me. 20 things I would have called my fucking, if I was living where I was living before, I would call all my friends. Guys, go fucking get some, you know, people who like to eat McDonald's, of course.Go fill up your fucking bags. Somebody already paying for you. Fucking somebody paying for you, motherfucker.And if I was broke, that is like a, you know, when I was broke, nobody did that, yo. Oh, my God. When I was broke, never.When I had no money, never, ever fucking anybody pay for my drink. Now I have money and somebody want to pay for my drink and expect me to pay person behind. Now, fuck you.You ain't doing it. Alright, what's the end game for you? The concept here is trading success is built on thousands of trades, not a single one. I've told you guys, even if you make 1000% on this trade, that's 10x the money.That means even if you put $1000 into a trade and you make 10x, that's $10,000. Will that 10,000 be the end game for you? Will that be the end goal? No. So that one trade doesn't matter.Even though it's 1000%, it don't fucking matter on a grand scheme of things. That means one trade doesn't mean shit. The life that you want is going to be built on thousands of fucking trades.Hope you know that, right? One trade ain't going to change shit for you. The life that you want is going to come from being built on thousands of trades. Balance is the key here.
Your goal should be focusing on the long term probabilities. How can I make sure that I fucking win? What's some short term results? You're not green today? Sweet. Did you do everything properly that you should be doing? Yes.Done. Just get the fuck out of your office. Come back tomorrow.There's days when you're going to make money, there's days when you're not going to make money. Does that make sense to everybody? Whatever you do for a living, you're able to recognize the patterns, which to a new person, a layman, he won't be able to recognize, but you're able to recognize. Whatever you do for a fucking living, I don't know, but is that true or not? You're able to recognize something's wrong.Something's not wrong. This is good. This is not good.Or even at home, sometimes you're able to recognize, you're able to read the room. Like sometimes I come home and the energy is not 100% there. So I'm able to recognize something has gone south and you can ask literally, what's wrong? How do you able to actually ask that? What's wrong? Because the power of pattern recognition.We're human beings. We like everything the way we want it to see or how our brain have perceived. Something happens out of the blue.Something is a little bit different. The brain goes, Oh, something happened. And then we go, what's wrong? That's power of pattern recognition.Same thing happens in your training. Now in your personal life, you need to pursue hobbies. The reason, the end game for you is the reason why you started trading.I'll remind you. You know the reason why you started trading? So you can have fucking freedom. You know the reason why you started trading? So you can have more time with your family.The reason why you started trading? So you can make more money. But money also means there's two different types of money. One is money where mental capital, one is financial capital.We have more mental capital because right now your job, you don't have freedom. You can't spend time with family. You don't have mental capital left.So you want to have the freedom from all this. But what's the point? Now you're trading and now you're spending 100% of your fucking everything in just trading. Pursue some hobbies.The things that you want to do. Relationships. Pour some fucking water into those trees.If you don't pour water, those little fucking things die. The plants die. That's how relationships work as well.
Everything works in this way. And some activities that you know will bring you joy and fulfillment. Like Nikhil said, he went for a holiday or he went to this festival.He was feeling super happy and then he came back to trading and he was in the zone. I bet you start doing this, you'll fucking thank me one day. You'll be like, man, thank you so much, bro.Just set up a routine. This time is my family time. This time is this time.This time is that. You'll be so much happier. You need to diversify beyond trading.The importance of personal balance is why it actually fucking matters. Fulfilling personal life reduces stress and prevents over-reliance on trading success for happiness. Everything matters.You tell yourself, yeah, I'll trade for tomorrow, but just because you lost money today and now you're being fucking acting salty towards everybody and thinking nobody actually knows how much shit you go through. Bro, it's your choice. You want to give them a good life.They didn't ask for it. And what's the point of you telling everybody around you that I'm going through so much shit because I want to give you guys a good life. They didn't ask for shit.It's you they want to give a better life. So stop fucking counting. Stop thinking of like, oh, nobody understands you.No, bro. My suggestion is explore personal development, fitness or community involvement. Whatever brings you happiness, bro.Maybe go to the gym, maybe work on yourself, maybe learn how to play chess, maybe go to the church, maybe do whatever brings you happiness, man. Why not? Prioritize relationships and spend time with loved ones. Prioritize those relationships.Make a phone call to your fucking parents. Make a phone call to the people that you haven't fucking spoken to in a long time. And you just tell yourself, oh, no, it's just we don't think the same.You know, when people say make new friends, they don't mean, oh, fuck this shit, man. They're people who are like, show me your friends and I'll show you how fucking successful you're going to be. And I'm just like, are you fucking dumb? If your friends are not rich, you're not going to be rich.I'm like, are you fucking dumb, yo? You see what I'm saying? How it kind of works is, how it kind of works is, you make new friends along the journey, of course, but that don't mean you shit on the old friends that you had, because those people were there since day one, along with you. When nobody stood, those people stayed with you. And now you tell yourself you're too big to talk to them.
Now you're too busy to talk to them. Bro, fuck you. If that's the person, if money, a little bit of money or a little bit of mindset change changed you, I still, bro, there's only a few people that still matter to me because it's like a tall poppy syndrome.Tall poppy syndrome means when you start seeing success, people start hating on you because you stand out out of everybody and they just feel inferior. Sweet. Those people are going to be pissing on you, shitting on you.Get it. But there's some people who are still supportive and don't let them just become another person who's just like cheering you on the way up. No, those people were there when you had nothing.I had a friend of mine who was there when I had nothing. Harry, mate, I'll do anything for the guy. Because when I had nothing, he woke up at fucking 3 a.m., drove 75 kilometers, was like 40, 50 miles just because I was fucking because he because I posted a little Snapchat that I'm walking, I'm walking to work and for whatever fucking reason it was, he drove all the way.And he got there before I got to work because I had another hour and a half, two hours work. In the middle of the night while he had he finished work, he had to go work in the morning without me asking. And do you think now just because I have a little bit of money, I'm going to just be like, yeah, whatever, man.No. It's called doll poppy syndrome, where other people start treating you a little bit different the moment you start seeing some success. It's like the poppy flowers, some of those grow a little bit bigger than the other ones.So you stand out and everybody start hitting on you. That's super fucking true. You start reading about this, you'll be like, fuck, man, this is so true.What are some of your hobbies outside trading? Bro, I like to build businesses. That's my hobby. I like to fucking deal with stuff.I like to deal with people problems. I like to fucking make sure people are getting fucking fed, people are working with me, make sure they're getting enough money. That's my relationships, building and scaling businesses.I love that. Now, key insight here. A balanced life makes all the setbacks in trading easy to handle.If there's a setback in any business, there's other things to lift me up again. If there's a setback in trading, there's other things that will lift me up again. If there's a setback in your personal life, bro, if there's a setback in your personal life, there's something, the community, there's somebody to lift you up again.That's all the point. Now, achieving flow in trading, fam, trading in the zone isn't about luck. It's
about preparation, discipline, balance.Some final tips that I'll give you is practice patience and focus on gradual improvement. Celebrate wins along the way. Remember, trading is a byproduct of your consistent efforts, not something you can force.This is how the game works. You have already cut down on the whole thing. You already have cut down on this whole learning curve, but bro, you gotta give time time.You have cut down learning curve from probably 8 years to 6 months. And now you wanna cut down 6 months to 6 minutes just because you did something and you think you're different. It's not gonna happen.It doesn't work this way. You gotta give time time. The only thing that's standing between you and this person, the version of yourself, is your conscious decision to actually becoming that person.That's the only way, yo. You think that's gonna happen automatically? You're gonna wake up and you're gonna be like, oh, today I'm just different. It's gonna happen automatically? It ain't gonna happen automatically.And you will stay this person up until you do not change your fucking ways. The stuff that you say and the stuff that you do should fucking align with each other, otherwise you will stay this person forever. Take the fucking first step.Think of what that person would be doing. Take that first step. Move towards him.I promise you, you will fucking go get there. But that's the only point. Does that make sense guys? Alright.That's it, yo. That's all I have for you guys. I'm gonna take a little video.Let me know if you guys liked this session. Hey, we spoke about how to get into a zone. Did you guys like this session? One word, if you have to explain it.What would be? One word. How to get into a zone so you can start printing money. Boom. It's the things that you do, bro. Now, they're gonna set you up for success. That's it.There's no shortcuts. Let's get it, yo. That's it guys.Literally, this is it. And if this is the first Sunday call that you're joining, yes, these are sessions are recorded. You will have the recordings in your members area.And that's all guys. You guys have fun. And this is the stuff that you need to listen to again. Read your notes again. You can't just get a grasp of these concepts straight away. I'll see you
guys in the morning.And let's get it, yo. I'm fucking proud of you. You sitting here, rather than going sitting and watching fucking some Netflix.Killing time. You're here for the last two hours. Just know, not a lot of people.I know. When you're actually putting in time, not a lot of people in your life actually tell you that you're putting in time. Just let me be the person.I'm fucking proud of you for putting in the time, for doing the things that you say you're gonna do, for being here. And it's not easy, the game stuff. The reason why you're going through a hard time is because you chose to fucking fight.The people who are not going through a hard time here are people who quit. So if you're here, that means you don't want to fucking quit. If you chose the fight, let's fight to fucking win.Fuck it. That make sense? That's it. You got this, yo.Just know, I know even your loved ones, people who are super close to you, they don't even tell you, fucking you're doing a good job. Nobody tells you. Nobody tells you, people who are close to you, people who will directly benefit if you actually cracked it.And you want them to believe you, because you believe it in yourself. One little word that I'll say, only one thing that I'll say is, nobody will believe up until you're rich. Nobody will actually think that you have it, what it takes, up until you're rich.Don't expect it. I'm telling you from my personal experience, don't expect it. It'll kill you.It's like paper cuts. It doesn't hurt straight away, but it's paper cuts. Small paper cuts, they can bleed you to fucking death.And you don't want that. Just stick with it. People who have gone through the journey, I know what you're going through.I know. I fucking know. It's tough.It's so fucking hard. It's so hard to just, man, just believe me, yo. Just believe me I'll change their life.And they're like, yeah, yeah, whatever. People who have done it, they're always like people, I've done it, Vee has done it. In the chat, people are going through this and there's some of them done it.We know what you're going through. So keep going. I know it's tough.Yeah, even people who are close to you, probably just like even your fucking sometimes your
wife, your husband. It just like feels like you're just fighting the market. You're also fighting them in a way.I know. I know. I know.I've gone through this. It was just like tough. But fuck it, yo. That's it. Fuck it. It'll be worth it.It will be worth it. It is fucking worth it. I'm telling you. Let's get it, yo. I'll see you guys later. Peace.Goodbye. When you're rich, everybody wants to be your friend. So I'll give you the chance to tell them, fuck off then.All right. Just keep taking notes. All right, guys. See you later. Goodbye.
ct093shigo3c72uuh9d0All right, what is going on everybody hope you guys are doing well, let me break down um, how how to actually use trading view right now the like the Like the key features the cool features The cool stuff that you can actually use and actually if I can get the best out of it So i'm doing it on ibm because i'm never going to trade ibm. Um, and I don't need the charts of ibm whatever so All right, first things first you can actually go here and there's a thing called keyboard shortcuts click this Check the shortcuts that you can actually use go, you know, try to get used to this um, if you want like for the desktop app, what are some of the features that you can use or um, you know, um Like all this crap fucking you don't even fucking need half the shit anyway First ones if you need to change the time frame You can simply just press the button on your keyboard like I can press the button two. It'll go on two minutes I can press I can literally write down 10.It'll go on 10 minute. I can literally go like 10 and press enter It'll go on 10 minute. I can press five we go on five minutes.I can press seven It'll go on a seven minute and type 15. I can and then press enter goes on 15 minute second feature Is type like literally click anywhere on the chart and write spy Press enter. It'll open spies chart back to ibm All right, and then you can press um this little Um the slash button this button.Hang on. Let me show you um This right here I will show you Literally that this button. What is this hyphen or not hyphen the the slant fucking whatever whatever it's called Fuck, you can press this button.It'll open up the indicator tab for you. So Press this opens indicators for me Okay, cool. Hey cool, so you don't have to actually go look So also you can actually save You can actually change Um, these are the settings so you can have interval on on one so you can type five all the charts change To five minute literally keep intervals on then you can choose crosshair That means if you like you see this line running across this cross running across on almost all the plat names This cross i've done like that.So I like to keep it off time Don't don't don't worry about it day train. Don't worry about it symbol if you click on symbol all the names become pretty much same So it's cool when you're actually watching 10 minute chart of something five minute chart Like let's say 10 minute chart five minute chart two minute chart hourly chart When you're watching all the charts of the same stock, you can actually have it as a symbol and turn the interval off and then you can just Write spy it will open up all the different charts for spy. That's all cool.Yeah So this is how you change that in time intervals of one stock and everything changes. All right And then you can press Um go back on hourly You can actually um star like you can star stuff here So it'll actually come up here so you can Unstar it two minute goes away You see this
right here Unstar two minute goes away Right star whichever you use star, um, whichever stuff you use a line line You get start automatic right here Um, I can actually have my favorite indicators sometimes like let's say if I do not if I like to watch um Ema The cfa I can actually add this to my favorites and like I had this indicator the favorites. It'll just Stay here.No Not like that. No. Yeah Um, and then you can add an alert.Let's say sometimes you're watching ibm above 225. You can actually click Go on this axis Click this Add an alert The moment the price goes above it. It'll literally go off.Um, the moment the price touches it. It'll be like ping All right, you can also set an alert right click. Um, and actually there's a add alert And now when you actually do it this way Add alert you can actually choose like um alert name fucker right Um Only once yes when it's crossing up not touching it when it's crossing above this price point Please um on your on your phone.It will say fucker ibm is crossing above Right, um, that's all cool And now if you need to draw a line you can press um option and hitch Um, I think alt plus hitch on windows option hitch. It'll draw lines All right, which is cool you can remove the drawings like this if you change settings some some let's say You accidentally remove? Indicators on this chart. You're like, oh my god, man.What the fuck? Don't worry, if there's any chart any other name on the same windows Just go here and apply these indicators to entire layout. It'll literally apply all the indicators So you can set up indicators on one chart and it'll apply like for example, I can go here I can change this to 14 right Um, and I want all the charts to have this 14 instead of eight I can just apply these indicators and it goes everywhere. No, I don't want it.So I want the normal one All right. That's all cool. Now.Sometimes when you're drawing levels sometimes when you're drawing levels you want to be bro, you want like Accurate levels and you don't want to really zoom in and find out where the actual level is Um add your favorite stuff to this thing right here right at the bottom Add those. Okay, so go on this horizontal line and Literally press this button right here to strong magnet or you can also press Command key on your keyboard or I think it's control on the windows command key It will automatically become a magnet. That means it'll go and attract whichever candle you want It'll attract the bottom of the candle Like this attract the bottom of the candle and if you want to move like to the closing price just Move up and it'll attract the bottom of this You see It'll automatically like you don't have to do manually yourself.Sometimes you draw a line and let's say you're drawing a level on your chart And You want this level and levels are not syncing it's because you do not have this on so make sure it's new drawings will sync Globally, that means on your phone on other if you have other tabs open On everywhere pretty much sometimes you are doing back testing and there's like multiple levels And you want to just see the price section These many levels are going on And you can't really
see price section. So you're on a five minute chart And all you see is fucking levels Like look at this you want to see what the price section actually looks like go here hide drawings Okay and then and then You can actually hide indicators. It'll hide the indicators If you say hide all all the you see raw action Okay Um, you want to remove the drawings you can just press remove drawings and everything gets removed Okay.Also another key Thing that I like is You can draw a level and you don't want to fucking ever like sometimes when you're scrolling through like there's so many levels And you're like man. I don't want to every time i'm like going over. I Accidentally move this level you can press Control z or command z it'll automatically go back and you want to lock it You can click right click and you can actually lock this level.So now you can't move it accidentally so you can actually go And you can actually press your control key or command key and actually The like select all the levels at the same time sometimes there's Yeah, remove locked ones. Yes. Sometimes what happens is there's um, There's a trend line running across You don't want to remove these trend lines, but you want to remove these levels How do you do it? You can't go Um, you can't go this remove drawings you want to just remove these lines Um, so press the control or command key And drag it on the levels Your levels are selected.Just press the delete button Cool. Yeah, cool All right, and you want to delete a indicator just click on the indicator press the delete button it gets deleted sometimes what happens is um, you accidentally move the price section like just the price section to A new window like you're like man, what the fuck have I done? Oh my god. What have I done? It's okay.Don't stress. Just press the control z and i'll be back All right, and if control z is not working and it's like It's this just literally click right click move to existing pane below Back to normal Okay, sounds good And then this feature a little little um, I I broke this down doc broke this down This is sometimes what happens is if this is not work. This is not on You'll draw one and then automatically go back to that's it.Now keep this always on So it's you who choose and if you want this this just right click on your mouse. It automatically goes back. Okay so You should always have this on this is a magnet.This is zooming in on the chart zooming out of the chart Like you you can literally zoom in like this If you want to all right, this is measure so you can measure how big of a mover has happened already All right Um, then comes this emojis or whatever fucking this is like actual drawing on the chart if you want if you're into it Um, there's so many cool features like you can highlight and move for your back testing you can Mark an arrow for your back testing Um, or you can fucking pretty much Arrow up or arrow down like for example like this For your back testing, of course um This is pretty much it yo, and then this feature long or short if you want to go long Press like this And this is the risk you have this is the reward that you have whatever and you're like, okay You can visually see it. Like what's your risk 18 cents rewards three dollars and in the middle they do this Um, they do the calculation. So that means you're risking a dollar
to and this is the reward that means your restaurant What is 250? Means you're risking a dollar to make 250.Okay These are the few settings some people like this just a dot Um, some people like it just arrow I like it cross It makes things easier um Yeah, this is to be honest. This is mostly it don't touch any of this you can actually have a lot of um a lot of uh Watch list open. So I have a lot of watch lists, right and you can also Press this plus button And wait for it to load of course, um, then actually go Have multi um go at the bottom click this heat map Click on it.It asks you stocks crypto etf just stocks What happens during the day you can actually see which one is moving the fastest like amazon right here Amazon's red while every in single name in the industry is strong That means amazon is in this whole thing. Amazon is relatively weaker In here google is relatively weaker because everything's still not bad, but google is going down so much This is kind of a way for you to kind of tell this is called heat map. Okay um And that's pretty much it Actually, let's see Oh, don't worry about options news.Don't worry about it. Um community fucking don't worry about that one market on nothing Calendar you can actually i'll show you calendar. Yes All right.Now, what do you need to do is? Um every single day you need to check, um, if there's any news coming for the day Just click on this calendar at the bottom It goes friday, this is the news coming sweet you see what i'm saying Um, it does make life way easier actually now another one is replay When you replay that means sometimes you want to test your strategy out, right so you can literally go Replay And don't want to select the bar because down now you because you already know what happened in the spy section then you select you go Random bar it just randomly take you somewhere And then you can go one bar at a time like this It's literally one bar moving or you can press this play button and Everything start. What the what the fuck's not here you go Look at this. It's 10 x the speed Or you can choose the speed to just show you one update every 10 seconds.So you actually have time to think Um, this is what that looks like Let's see Looks like this downtrend whatever whatever maybe a move down It's just like for you to have some time to tell what the fuck is actually going on All right, like when i'm doing it like one update per second, it's like perfect Perfect time. All right, sweet. And then this is all cool Um, this is called just like backtesting stuff I'm going on a replay feature backtesting stuff.You can actually move this axis like this and just drag it and go smaller Drag this goes larger All right, and then you want to reset your charts press Option and r I think or yeah, I think that it is um Yeah option r or control r or alt r It resets the chart sometimes when you're resetting everything before the market open So you go like this then press the tab you go to the next press R means like actual r. Yeah like Um maximize the chart you need to maximize this or click your option button and and left click I control the option button and left click or control click your alt button left click It zooms in like this. That's it. Yo, pretty cool.
Pretty cool there. Pretty cool. That's it.Yo um Anything else that I use Nah, these are a few features rest of the stuff already break down These are my settings of the charts you can actually copy this pause the video these are my settings for the charts All right. Um Yeah, that's it yo, that's pretty much it um indicator settings I've already broken down but yeah, this is it Let's get it. I hope this video is helpful.All right, keep pushing. Yo, you guys doing well promise you
ctli1eqa87cc72vkbcs0Hi, welcome back to another session guys all about psychology and in this session I'm gonna go over how you can go easy when the market is hard and how you can go hard when the market is easy Because this is literally the secret when you make money you want to make Most amount of it and when you lose money, you want to lose the least amount of it But how do you know that the market is easy now, or how do you know when the market is hard right now? because This will actually if you know this it will help you adopt your trading approach just based on the market conditions, but Let me break down this actual phrase first before we move forward All right, this phrase we'll break it down in detail so this phrase when we look at this phrase this phrase simply means Two terms hard market days and easy market days, right? So the hard market days can be defined as you can say You know what, there's another thing that I've seen I actually there's a point in in the presentation as well The thing is when the market is choppy be honest guys Type in the chat. Has anybody ever gone through a day where? Market is super choppy, but you made money you end up making money somehow No, somehow you thought you did everything, right? You end up making money and when the market is trendy And you couldn't find an entry hence you didn't make no money or you in fact you lost some money So I've gone through this multiple multiple times. Yes, right So basically what that happens is it's not that when the market is choppy.That's when the market is odd No, or when the market is trendy, that's when the market is easy. No, it's usually I'll break it down what I mean so hard market day simply means something like Your system isn't performing the way that you The way the normally it performs. So when I say system you might use ABCDs for entry What that means is let the trend run let it pull back to EMA's or whatever and then push This might be your system.Your system might be just break and a retest of an entry Right, that might be a system so it's really not about What system it's about whatever system you use Sometimes if the system is not working normally what it usually will There for you is a hard market day. Does it make sense? At all a little bit. I'll break it down in a lot more detail as we move forward All right, and the easy market days is when your system just syncs perfectly with the market I mean you think of or if this critical level breaks, let's say a huge level breaks Let it break let it come back retest and then I'll take the play and it breaks Comes back and retest gives you a perfect entry and you go long and you make some money works perfectly Those days I like to refer them as easy market days So it's it's about whether it's not about whether the market is choppy or trendy.It's about how you or How well you align with the market with your system All right now the first thing that we want to do here is You need to learn when to go light and when to scale up your efforts for maximum returns This is literally the secret, but how are we gonna do that? I'll break down in the session. All right, but first things There's two questions that usually get asked about these two topics How do you recognize hot market days, how do you recognize easy market days I'll give you three-step framework that I use All right, if you can take some notes,
please take some notes This is important. And if you're watching this and you know, you're not taking notes Understand if you're driving or something cool, but if you're actually sitting in front of your computer and not taking notes What the fuck no Right.Just why waste your time just go watch Breaking Bad and be better Alright, how to recognize hot market days Three three-step framework how I know the markets being a little tough Okay First one your system starts playing up All right. So when your system starts playing up what I mean by that is it's not actually delivering the usual Results like today we took three trades, right? For all three of them. We entered the first trade didn't work.So we normally should work Alright second trade it worked We took some a little profits and then it just flips really quick. And then what happened it went back in that direction It's being deceitful, right and the third trade Stopped us out went in the direction So in my eyes what I simply call these days is usually the system works Every day I trade the system and it made me millions of dollars the system works But it wasn't performing the way that I like for it to see That's the first sign and you do not need all three signs at the same time. Not any one of these three Okay, you can label that day as a hard market day.Okay second It starts feeling like Trades of you know trades feel forced Or outcomes are inconsistent What I mean by trade trades feel forced sometimes I don't know if you guys ever experienced this but with me I've experienced this a few times Where I'll take a trade. Everything looks good. And then While I'm in the trade, I'll look at the volume.I'll look at I'll look at like on the red candle volume the pullback volume or I look at the move that we have made or I'll see that we made a new high of the day, but the volume isn't actually there But I choose to stay in the trade Anybody ever did this after you jump in a trade you start looking at the trade a little bit like man It you know, it doesn't really fucking make sense Like the volume on a red candle is more We made a new highs the volume isn't that sexy The contracts are moving like shit You know, the IV is super high and every little pullback is hurting me more than it's actually paying me all these stuff If it's happening and if you choose to stay in the trade after that or even if you do not choose to stay in the trade But when you see contracts are not paying markets moving a little bit weird. There's huge ricks ups and up and down If you see any of that stuff happening, I label them as okay market feels forced Okay, those four like where if you entered and the contract should have started moving, but they didn't what do you call it? It's a trade. They're meant to be working, but it's not the way that we thought even though the trip Even though the stocks moving in our favor Contracts are literally moving so slow and stock makes a little pullback contracts hurt Why why why are we in this trade? Those days I call for I call them forced trades.We did everything right? It just market thinks of it like is a forced trade That makes sense I'm sure everybody gone through this We should just feel super tough to make make profit from even though the stocks moving that second and third one is This is a little bit emotional one. I'm sure everybody has gone through this including me Questioning strategy you start
questioning your life pretty much you like man does this stuff actually works or Will my entry doesn't does my entry makes it till my exit makes sense on You start questioning overall strategy I have seen this happen in the chat a lot and in the discord where I see people take Trades, which are not actually our system and then me being me. I text them.I'm like bro. What the fuck are you doing? Right, and then it's usually like hey, I'm not using their strategy I'm using a different strategy and I'm and then I'm it's literally I have to remind them But what happened when you use this strategy last time? Oh, you know I made a little bit of money, but you joined KCU for a Reason you joined my mentorship for a reason because your old strategy didn't work and Just because we are going through a hard market phase where the market, you know systems playing up for a day Where the trades are feeling a little bit forced you're throwing that strategy in the bin and picking up something that didn't work before For no reason that makes it Will you start questioning? I'm man Is this is this even system gonna work or did I just get lucky for even I go through these days when I'm have When I have like couple red days in a row It's emotions, but anybody that tells you do not care emotional about money, but they have no idea When you're putting a lot of money into a trade and the trade goes against you the moment you enter and you lose $3,000 in like literally 15 seconds. How do you get out of this? How do you call that being not being emotional? But I got I got decent amount of money and if I drop a $2 fucking coin when I'm in the store I bend over to pick it All right, because my emotions get in the way.I'm like nah, I ain't leaving it just there You get my point? So as soon as there's money involved, they're gonna be emotions So when couple days go by my strategy is not working the trades that I'm taking not working I question my strategy, but that doesn't mean that I literally go all you know wild and go revenge trading No emotions having emotions is cool. But acting on those emotions is bad. Like we all have emotions, man Right, how many times have somebody? pissed you off and you want to just be like I Wish I wish this was not illegal You're like I wish this was not illegal.I would have fixed you right now We all get emotions, but we know how to control them, right? So same goes in trading. We this is what you learn over time. You learn how to control emotions And that's the third thing the moment I start questioning my strategy on the day When I take my first trade didn't work second trade didn't work third trade didn't work.I walk away any of these three I Label that as a hard market that makes sense Your goal is to recognize these days Earlier in the day to avoid overtrading in compound like compounding losses and losses compound as well What basically happens is you start your day with let's say$300 loss Sweet you take just $50 loss. It's not much Right. So this goes like this took $300 loss You lost another 50.It doesn't feel like much then you lost another 40 doesn't feel like much Then you lost another 60 Still don't feel like a lot But that amounts to if your walk away limit on the days, let's say minus 300 now you lost 450 bucks or whatever It compounds it grows really really quick. You
don't want to be in that position ever Right. So in order to stop doing that bro one rule that I use I call it three to one All right, three two one the moment I go to one Any of these three things like okay, man, the system's playing up.I Breathe three two one and by the time I say one I have to close my broker Literally have to press the cross Use this if you have a hard time closing a broker Use this rule three two one BAM. Just press it down cool. Now, you know how to recognize a hard market All right now what to do when the market is out I gave you guys what hard market means How to recognize it now, what should you do when the market is out number one Go easy The market is out you go easy.What I mean by that is reduce your position size and limit the number of trades for example With me today, I took my first trade it didn't work Second trade it worked because I still was able to take some profits Third trade didn't work Now my rule trading rule the rule that says is if I have three losing trades in a row, I call it a day That means I still had room for another two trades. Yeah, because my second trade worked off with AMD But did I take another two trades no, why not With me I limit my number of trades the moment I realize the market is being hard I realize systems playing up There's no fucking there's no point Why why do I have to go try to prove a point on a day when shit's just not working, right? And then the second point is you focus on quality Bro, focus on quality over quantity. These numbers are there to fucking protect me But still I'm the boss What's the point of me working for myself trading if I cannot fucking walk away when I feel like You can literally clock out at any time of the day.There's nobody that you have to ask permission from Think about it, right and then third one Avoiding emotional decisions and the only way you can avoid these decisions Emotional mistakes is you stick to your fucking rules you play defensive the day the market is odd. And what are the rules? What's the first most important rule use a system like for example in case you we use LTP system right just because couple trades didn't work that do not mean you do not you stop watching one of these things like Levels sweet Trend is still important part I see people do this where couple trades do not work that throw trend out of the way and they just start trading patient scandals and hence what happens it doesn't work and What happens then it hurts their confidence even more what happens then? Oh, maybe the system doesn't work and you go back This is happening on a day Then you start forcing your trades and when now you're forcing the trades with partial system And what happens then then you question strategy and then you blow up your trading account and then you text me Bro, your system doesn't work. Fuck you.I'm like, bro. What did I do? I Didn't do shit you get my point It's just if you're gonna use the system you may if you're gonna do something man You may as well do it the right way and you need to stop avoiding those emotional diseases Of course when you take it at losing trade of course it feels like when somebody just don't like you know told you on your face like you're wrong and you want to fucking try to Prove them a point that you know wrong or whatever and you want to take a trade straight away You jump out of a losing trade you straightaway jump
into another trade just because you want to make the money back and you want to feel good again, I Have made those mistakes in the past We are jump out of a trade and I lost some money and I'm not even waiting for the setup. I Jump into a trade just because I want to feel good about me again But if you and this is the mistake that happens when you literally put all your self-worth There's gonna this point might hurt This is the stuff that happens when you put all your self-worth Into being profitable on or being in a loss on the day If you're in profit you feel like man, I'm the good a look at me.I'm the fucking big shit and when you Lose some money you feel like you piece of shit and that happens when you put your self-worth on a number think about it Anybody does it a who does that be honest? That used to be me You know what happens then? You make emotional mistakes You know what happens when you make emotional mistakes You start feeling more like you you feel more Like I'm piece of shit, you know what happens then next day you show up trying to prove to yourself that you're not a piece Of shit what happens then? You in this trap trying to prove a point to yourself and then you blow up, huh? Now you are a piece of shit He came on point but the whole thing starts from When you have your self-worth on a number not every day is you you're gonna make money and that's just a fact Hard market days are about survival. No maximizing it all the beginners people who start trading bro all those beginners They put their numbers their self-worth on a profit or loss basis You're gonna be better than them because guess what you're just taking their money away from them legally this is stock market You legally allowed to fucking rob people and I fucking love this game. Yo and I Most amount of money you're gonna make is when most amount of people are losing the money and More the pain more the gain So write down all your habits that you do now If you're not proud if anybody listening to this video right now, if you're not profitable Write down everything that you do now.Just do the opposite if you're jumping in beyond your stop-loss Do the opposite jump in when the trades working in like you already in trades working in your favor keep adding Why not average up? Why average down? Just do the opposite across the board. Whatever you do. All right Now now the question comes how to recognize an easy market you're gonna love this one First point it's just exactly opposite from hard days and this will make sense System performance Your market is just performing seamlessly trades align.Perfect market movements. Everything good. You're able to make money quick so that means Basically as soon as the market opens within 10-15 minutes, it gives you an entry you take the trade you make some money quick How many people here have gone through this way? Market open within 15 minutes.You took a trade or two both trades worked and you you already make it money Within 15 minutes you made more than you will make eight hours at your job, right and That's simply in my brain. Any of these three is happening. I Know mark, it's easy and This has to happen.Well, because I actually have a slide for this as well the market conditions feel in sync with your
strategy making execution effortless and A Tap in the chat. Um, have you ever felt like you made some money in the market and you feel like man? This was the easiest money I've ever made This is the easiest money I've ever made this trade worked the moment I jumped in It went to my profit target. I got out at my profit target.Oh My god, this is like literally the easiest trade ever made Yeah That means your system is in sync with the market those days is What you need to learn and you will learn this over time doesn't happen straight away You will learn this you will learn how to recognize that opportunity and you will learn how to fucking capitalize on those days You will fall in love with making the most amount of money on those days With when I see within first half an hour I'd take two or three trades and I'm and you know And both two or three table all the trades that I've taken worked in my brain I'm thinking man, it could be another twenty thirty thousand all day Because I feel any one of all these three sometimes and or sometimes I feel like man I took three trades two of them worked and it's only been fucking 40 minutes is the market open You know what? Sweet. Let's stick around or Take a trade. It just feels effortless.I'm a pro the moment I entered it worked Wow or It just feel like wherever I look around in the market doesn't matter if I caught the trade or not We have a look around my LTP systems working. I'll see this chart this chart this chart everywhere. I'm like Jesus The system is working across the board so when I see that I Label that day is Easy market.Does that make sense? Yo type in the chat makes it so far everything clear Okay. Okay. Now the question comes what to do when the market is easy Huh? I Got five points for you First when the market is easy to go hot simple Don't know what thinking you go out but what do I mean when I say go hard? Huh? How do you go hot like what the fuck right Increase your position sizes.What I mean by that is you use your early morning gains as a cushion For moving forward. So let's say you took two or three trades before you realize the market is easy and those two or three trades Worked beautifully and if you made 50 bucks on each of those that's 150 bucks, right? Now you can use that as a cushion for moving forward trades So if if you made 50 bucks, let's say that's 10% That means if your position size is 500 bucks now, you can be like, you know what? I'm gonna do a thousand or position size and if the trade doesn't work, let's say if I lose 20% that's 200 bucks But I'm not losing the whole 200 because I'm already up 150. I'll be down minus 50 Cool what happened here you tried to avoid the fall straight away You went from falling on an actual concrete floor to now falling on an actual net That makes sense It's a cushion that you landed yourself But think about it if that thousand dollar position size that you took if that trade worked and it went 30 40 50 percent Huh? What happens 150 plus? 450 or 500 or whatever it is.They up 600 bucks on the day Boom and then comes hold your trades longer. So 450 initial profit targets. Let's say you took 250 off that's 400 bucks on the day.Yeah 400 bucks on the day Now you're holding the trades longer because you took a little bit
bigger position size. That means you have more contract Now you're holding the trades longer if the trade goes against you your break-even is the stop-loss, yeah That's negative risk management if we enter a trade right here And you did 10 contracts and these are your top profit targets the moment it hits your first profit target you take five off 50% off but your stop- loss is Break even on the option contract So if it reverses here break-even it sweet you still walk away with 400 bucks But what happens if it keeps going to the next target out of five trades five contracts You're gonna take another 50% off now. You cannot take two and a half contracts off.You have to either choose two or three I always go with the one higher so I'll take Three off here. So me taking three off here. That means I have added another let's say 150 bucks to the bottom line So now I'm up 550 and I still hold I'm holding two contracts stop-loss still break- even Goes to the next target.I take one more off. That's another 150 bucks because such a huge move now. I'm up 750 That's how you make money.Yo, and now I understand some of you're gonna be like but bro for me it never happens My runners never run or shit like that This doesn't happen every day You think of this shit happen every day no happens maybe three or four times a month Because you expect it to happen every day your expectations hurt you to a point when it When it actually has to happen you you are not in the trade, you know, why because your expectations on previous days has hurt you Now for you expecting it fucking hurts, but think about it You're the best thing that you can do is you jump you jump in in and it's negative risk management for a reason Even if the trade goes against you your stop-loss is still break-even So you look you letting the market choose if the trade is a good trade or a bad trade if it's a good trade It'll keep fucking running make you a lot of money if it's a bad trade go and hit your break-even, right? Would you rather stay in a bad trade for longer period of time? No, let the market tell you, okay, it's a bad trade jump out sweet jump out. What's the what why let the emotion jump in? That makes sense Do anybody? Okay, does the break-even move up from the original entry because the Greeks now break- even on the option contract stay the same We didn't option contracts if you if you entered at dollar 86 now prices at 250 and sweet Whatever dollar 86 is entry now by the time you this your entry This would be your exit for the break-even now by the time you exit you might get a fill price of 180 Shit happens. This is like the cost Of slippage or whatever you pay by the time you jump out.It's never gonna be 186 It might be 180 sometimes it might be 175 Whatever Right Sometimes it is 185 or whatever. All I'm trying to say is in theory That's your stop-loss and never gonna be perfect stock markets never perfect All right, the actual stop-loss because we are not actually putting the stop-loss in the system We actually have a mental stop-loss So you're watching the trade go, you know, we are stop losses. Let it keep going.Keep going. Keep going If you're only holding one contract you can essentially hold till it's breaking the structure Okay, but this is technical stuff and I don't want to get into too much
technical basically you hold your trades for longer period of time for bigger moves and That one contract that you're still holding might be 300 bucks by the end of the day or it might be just zero but you still made more money and you taught your brain that it's okay to hold your fucking trades and That lesson is more important than the money even if you made thousand dollars today, you know, you can't quit your job but if you learn that lesson of Holding your runners By the time you actually have let's say $50,000 trading account and your position size is 5,000 now making 10,000 in a day 5,000 a day my check might be life-changing because 4,000 a day is a million a year boom, right and then comes adding to your winning positions This is what you do when the market is easy If you entered here trade is going and you've taken some profits by giving you another entry Why not add and the market is easy you go hard and that's how you go hard You add to your winning trades you increase your position size. You hold your trades longer You let your runners run and you take calculated risks calculated risks means That bro, you know what? It's time for me to maximize my gains on these days and easy markets are rare They only happen three to four times a month but when it happens you want to make the best out of them, but what I see with a lot of people is Nobody goes broke taking profits, bro.I have never seen any motherfucker who got rich taking small profits Nobody Have you guys ever heard of the this guy who? He was he co-founded Apple. I think his name is Steve Something he can find an apple What's his name, but he sold? Hang on let me let me find out guy who founded Apple Yeah, Steve Let's see what what price did he sell his shares at yo Yes Steve there was was Nick guy. He sold Apple Yeah, he sold Apple in 1985 It would be it would have been worth 66 billion dollars today He co-founded Apple If he sold for a little profit and he probably said that at that time nobody goes broke taking small profits I Bet he feels fucking broke right now I'm just saying.All right now all these five points you They go in sequence Okay, the first thing that you do is you increase your position size a little bit then you hold your trades For a little bit you keep taking profits as the trades curve, then you keep adding more Cool, but now if you add it to 125 calls initially and now the trades going in your favor You don't have to keep adding to 125. You can start building 126 You start taking 125 off because you're hitting your target It give you another entry you take 126 and treat this particular trade as a all individual trade by itself That makes sense Don't think of it like oh I added to the night. This is another trade.This is your winning trade already There's another trade with a new set of stop-loss with a new set of profit target Which is the next profit target? Okay, you started solding this selling this 125 because hitting your target you started selling 126 and I gave you another entry start building 127 codes because the trades moving in your favor. This might be in the money. This might be in the money This is at the money now Stop building your position Start riding the trade towards the upside while you're controlling the downside because this is called rolling your contracts further and further All right, every time it gives you entry go in the next contract Wait, it's a third partner Apple Third partner sold 10% Apple for $800.
There you go Would have been worth 66 billion. Oh my yeah, right And now comes the point Now, you know what to do when the market is hard now, you know what to do when the market is easy now comes This huge fucking point very important and I'm so sorry don't want to swear but this is some I don't want you I don't want to swear but this is something that's super close to my heart and I may have made so much money just realizing and understanding this Daily presence When was the last time that I took a day off from the market and you know I Trade every day. I show up every day every day I show up and the reason is you can't predict when the when the easy market day will occur.You don't know So what do you do you show up daily? You don't take time off Now some people gonna be like all but that leads you an internet gonna be like that leads to burnout No, it doesn't when you have a system. There's no burnout When you don't have a system there is one out No, why when you do not have a system that means You don't know what you're doing. That means you are leading off emotions and that means you're using more brain than you should have If you actually just use an LTP bro, you're not using that much brain You know where your entries, you know where your profit are there's you know, where your stop-losses no brain power used When you're jumping in and out in the middle of nowhere there's emotions and there's using brain cells are getting used and That's when you get tired And on top of that after doing such a crazy hard-working day Where you use all your brain power and you still lose money.Oh my god, that leads to Burnouts, so I show up every day All right then comes Readiness, I say all the time that I want to take a day off, but I don't because I know for a fact the day I take off Then I'm gonna feel like shit later on because I will see the market. I'd be like, oh my god I could have entered here and exited here But I know it's not the right way to think but I show up daily It doesn't take that long hour or two hours out of a day, man I can do that second point readiness what I mean by that is by showing up every day You ready to seize opportunity if the market aligns? right And the third one mindset shift You start treating every day as an opportunity to Assess and adopt the market not just to execute blindly But see like I see a little scanner in my eyes All the time this scanner is trying to see either this is the market hard or Is the market easy this is what I'm noticing in the market as soon as I start trading you a market straightaway goes The market being hard a market being easy. What's happening? That's the first thing I want to know when the market opens first thing So, for example, we might say When you draw, I don't know.I never drove a fucking truck before so when you actually being a truck driver I'm sure there has to be certain precautions that you use as soon as you jump in the truck this first thing that you check Yeah Hey anybody who's a truck driver you might know or anybody who any job every job pretty much There's a first thing that you check. There's the first thing that I need to check before I even drive my truck That's a safety thing right Pre trips inspections. There you go.Same thing in the market for me as well These are my inspections for the market and I'm first
thing I need to check is if the market being easy or is the market Being out and I showed you guys but all right So this is um then comes Start each day the same way All right, and a lot of people have problems with this including me I had a lot of problems with this move back in the day as well and it's tough But I'm gonna give you the fucking steps now Basically key principle here is you need to begin each trading day Executing your strategy as usual Just because yesterday the trade didn't work couple trades that you took didn't work. That doesn't mean shit today. It's a new day Especially with if you have a strategy if you have a system Up until you know You can put a tag on the market as being easy or hard You you take No bias trades Nothing's in your brain.You start start the day the same way Let the market dictate from those trades if you took the first trade or from first 20 30 minute price action Then you let the market dictate if it's easy or not. Does it make sense? The moment you have a preconceived notion in your brain, you're gonna lose The moment you go are the market so easy But it's only been fucking three minutes since the market open, you know, oh I made 10,000 yesterday cool. Oh, look at the market I know what I I know what I need to do.I know what I'm doing Hmm, but he's the market easier hard. No, no. No, I know what I'm doing Yeah, cool.You made money yesterday But today's a new day and that's what happens with people who make it a little bit of money They want and then they lose all the money just because of that reason You need to start each day the same way you need to adapt based on the conditions, you know right you adjust Your trading intensity once you identify the market type But you can only do that if you stay flexible Stay flexible avoid making actual assumptions earlier in the session, but how early is early? Usually if What I say is if you take the first trade of the day, it's being a little deceitful You can be on your toes. You can be a little bit careful That means if you entered based on the strategy for straight and it didn't work You're allowed to be on your toes. It's pretty no problem Let me see.Let me sit back. Let me just ignore another next trade Let me see. So if like for example today, we took the trade I took what was a AVGO Took AVGO.It didn't work. Then I wanted to take QQQ's What did I say? I'm like now let me take a step back Even though the trade looked good. I didn't take the trade.You know why in my brain? I'm like, you know what first trade of the day. I took it didn't work. Let me see what happens Let me not make assumption if the market is yard.Let me see on this trade I don't need to put my money in if this trade would have worked I'll be like, okay. This was just a trade that didn't work the strategy same strategy didn't work again I don't need to put my money into knowing if you're gonna work or not Now I might miss out on QQQ huge move. It is what it is.
I Just wanted to see the strategy. I'm like No, and it didn't work. I straightaway went.All right, you know what man? Fuck it done This is the time to just be a little bit chill a little bit relaxed That makes sense to everybody so far up until this point Because I'm about to give you Next next page we're gonna go over a little key takeaways, right? Now, you know how to wreck What does it mean when I say go easy when the market is odd and go hard when the market is easy, you know How to recognize a hard market, you know what to do when the market is odd how to recognize easy market you know what to do when the market is easy and And Consistency showing up every single day and you need to stop that every single day the same way don't change Just because yesterday something worked Today don't be like oh Man, sweet. I don't need to do a brain dump every day. I don't need to make a plan every morning I don't need to draw my levels every morning because I know what I'm doing now Bro, what got you here? Like what got you those results if you stop doing those those results not gonna be actually be there anymore I See this with people a lot if Journaling actually helps you get to the next level.They stop journaling thinking. I don't need to journal anymore because I know my mistakes No, you don't as you go as you go forward in a journey, bro You're gonna start learning more by yourself because your old habits start getting fixed You always gonna have trading problems Your old habits are fixed. Those are not problems anymore But you do not know what you do not know and only way you're gonna find that out is when you journal All right, last one key takeaways Hard market days.How do you define them? You recognize when your system isn't syncing with the market conditions Then you play defensively reduce your trades position sizes and focus on protecting your money Easy market days doesn't matter what strategy you use. Yo This is me assuming You know, what strategy you using because I'm gonna upload this video to YouTube This is me assuming that you have a strategy. Okay now easy market days It just means when the markets aligning with the strategy with your system You increase your position size you hold your trades for longer and you go for bigger moves Don't tell yourself that nobody goes broke taking small profits Because yes people go broke taking small profits All right, the last one consistency.You need to show up every single day Every single day. That's a game we playing not because of your work conditions There might be days where you can't cool, but if you're not showing up just because You want to extra fucking half an hour nap, bro. You don't have the work ethic.I want it bro It was my wife's birthday, I want we had a couple drinks and I just was like man I don't want to trade today. I wanted to just sit down and lay back and just chill relax now I took trades and I'm right on the day now. I could have been like man.I should not have traded Bro, I didn't know this beforehand. I could have made 20 grand today, right? Oh The moment you start putting in Numbers with actual things that you could have bought with the money. That's where shit goes bad I'm sure anybody here you guys have done
this in the past where you lost let's say 500 and you go Man, I could have paid working for a you know New car for fucking this much money or whatever the crap you you put the number to actual Actual materialistic thing That's where emotions really get to you My rule is show up every day.I didn't want to show up today I showed up and you know what I need to and guess what? I learned a couple of things about myself I journaled we're doing this training if I would have not have showed up This would not be possible That's what you get for, you know, just showing up every day All right That's all guys That's all I have for you. I don't know if this was up to the mark that I said it would be but Yeah something It just what gives you a little perspective on when I when I say go easy when the market is odd But how do you identify those hard markets? And that's how you know, and I would do a Q&A Now but because this video going on YouTube, I don't want to make it extra long for no reason we can do a Q&A later And I got these slides ready in about 15 minutes. So not bad.Not bad and I'll see you guys later. All right. Goodbye.Peace. And if you're watching this on YouTube, make sure you subscribe and Comment and like and whatever. All right, cool.I'm out Peace. Goodbye rice Let's go
ctmrm8r3cpjs72qhr3o0Alright, good morning guys. For the new folks, there may be some questions regarding setting up IBKR. Quick video here, I'll still help you guys if you have to hop on a call and if we have to go through this, that's fine, but this will still be helpful.If you are at a point where you have to update this financial profile for yourself, this is the bare minimum you can do, right? So you can just fill up these numbers, right? So I'm showing you income and worth, I mean, just go ahead and put these numbers in, right? We're not saying it needs to be absolutely accurate, right? So just go ahead and put it, this is the base minimum that you'll need to go ahead and get your access to, right? These need not be accurate, but yeah, go ahead and do it, right? And then for the investment objectives and intended purpose of trading, it is hedging, right? And profits from active trading, speculation. And these are some experiences that I put when I started off, I didn't even put these two years, right? It was less than that. So I just update this last week.You can still go ahead and put all this information here and it'll be a breeze. And a quick point, you will open this as an individual account. If you are in the US, you need IBKR Lite and you'll get that by default.You don't need IBKR Pro. And you need to have a cash account. You don't need a margin account, right?
ctmrm9eel7uc72rk0oe0 (1)I think most of you have this question about the market data subscriptions. So I thought I'll make this quick video. It may be helpful for most of you.So in the US, you get IBK Adelaide by default, right? And you don't want to change that. So I have IBK Adelaide, and mine is a cash account. Okay, so if you go into market data subscriptions, there you go, boom, you go into configure, and then you wait for all this and then you go into North America, and level one, right? So level one, all you need is or the are this NYSE American, which is $1.50, and the opera, which is $1.50. And when your commissions are generated, and if it reaches more than $20, this gets waived.So literally spending $1.50. You don't need anything else. Now I have this because this is free, right? So literally, you know, this is all you need. I have three subscriptions, free subscriptions from level one.And in my other, I still have three subscriptions, which are free. See, I mean, even contracts and these two, I mean, doesn't matter, right? So net net, I only have those two that I pay for. So these are the only subscriptions that you need.Alright, hope this video is helpful. Thank you guys. Cheers.
ctmrm9eel7uc72rk0oe0I think most of you have this question about the market data subscriptions. So I thought I'll make this quick video. It may be helpful for most of you.So in the US, you get IBK Adelaide by default, right? And you don't want to change that. So I have IBK Adelaide, and mine is a cash account. Okay, so if you go into market data subscriptions, there you go, boom, you go into configure, and then you wait for all this and then you go into North America, and level one, right? So level one, all you need is or the are this NYSE American, which is $1.50, and the opera, which is $1.50. And when your commissions are generated, and if it reaches more than $20, this gets waived.So literally spending $1.50. You don't need anything else. Now I have this because this is free, right? So literally, you know, this is all you need. I have three subscriptions, free subscriptions from level one.And in my other, I still have three subscriptions, which are free. See, I mean, even contracts and these two, I mean, doesn't matter, right? So net net, I only have those two that I pay for. So these are the only subscriptions that you need.Alright, hope this video is helpful. Thank you guys. Cheers.
ctmrm9mel7uc72rk0oegand select your strike price. Let's choose any ticker, right? SPY, I'll do it with SPY and with SPX, all right? So typically what you do is, this is my trading account, I mean this is my paper account, right? So you have this list view for all the strikes and the days in the options chain. So where it says 10 strikes, you do the drop down and you can choose, you can customize this, so for example, if you do 8, you're only going to get 8, right? So you can do 10, right? And you know, you can go here and select, right? So when you do 10, what it does is it shows 564 and it goes all the way down to 573, that's 10 strikes, right? So if you want to get out of the money contracts for puts, so you need to go lower, right? So lower than 563.So for example, I do 560, 559. And if you want to get out of the money contracts for calls, you need to go lower than this. So I go 576, I mean higher than this, 576 and 577.So look what happens, you can go custom select this. These are out of the money contracts, okay? So now for SPY, it's a ticker and it runs well, right? So the delta matters, right? You don't see the delta because the market's not open. So now for SPX, I think the delta is there, but it doesn't matter as much because it is an index and it moves like how any of the points move in futures, right? The same thing you do here, you go here and you select these based on what you want.So for example, I do this two for calls, and I go up here and do four puts. So let's give it a quick second and see how it's going. Oh, there you go.So 565, 55660, out of the money puts, and same way, this is out of the money calls, right? I'm not getting these because it's aftermarket and it's a paper count. So that's the overall point.
ctmrm9mel7uc72rk0of0First, let's create some sort of real estate so that you guys are, you know, visually it's appealing and you're able to get this going, okay. So, we have three separate screens here, okay. The first one that you see where you see the numbers and all that, okay, so that's the option option chains screen, okay.And then the second one where you say submitted orders appear here, okay. Now, that one is your, let's call that your summary screen, okay. And the third one is at the bottom where you, it says order entry, that's the order entry screen, okay.You have these three screens and we are going to adjust these three screens, okay. Now, your option chains, okay. If you see, you can shrink that, okay.Try to shrink it from the right, shrink it to the left. Now, that's left. Okay. From the right. No, right, all the way to the, yeah, right there. Okay.Shrink it, yeah, keep shrinking, shrink it, shrink it, shrink it, shrink, shrink. Come to the half, half point of your screen. All right, enough, all right.Now, what we're going to do with your summary screen, right, from the left, you're going to shrink it to the right, to the middle point. That's right. Yeah.Now, that's right. Move it from the left to the right. Okay. To the halfway point. Off of there. Yep, yep.Do the same thing with the order entry as well. So, that's better. Okay.All right. Now, grab your order entry and push it all the way to the top. Okay. It's overlapping a bit, but I can adjust it. Yeah, adjust it. All right, super.All right. Now, what you do is push your summary screen to the top, right below the order entry. Okay.Now, whatever space is there below the summary screen, drag the bottom all the way down. Yep. All the way down, all the way down.Okay. Yep. The same thing, do with the option chains.Drag it all the way down. Okay. Now, before we lock it in and make any further changes, what's going to happen is you have on the left-hand side, you have the option chains.You're going to look at the strike price. You're going to look at the contracts and then choose what you're going to do, puts or calls. And then you're going to load the contract, which is
going to show up on order entry.And when you take a trade, it will show up on your summary screen. Okay. So, now you have activity, orders, trades, and summary, right? Next to that, do you see a little plus? Oh, yeah.Yeah. Click that. And okay.So, we need your portfolio to come here. On the same screen, on the right-hand side, if you go, there's a little settings. Okay.Settings. Now, we need your portfolio. So, your screen is there, right? On the left-hand side, do you see a portfolio window? Yeah.Yeah. Click that. Settings.Okay. So, we need this window instead. Okay. You can cancel. Okay. You can cancel.So, we're going to make some change here. We're going to get the portfolio window. Okay. So, give me a sec. Let me tell you how to get to the portfolio window. We have a core panel.Go to the settings on the main settings, which is on the option chains, right? Option chains window. Actually, you know what? My bad. Go to new window.New window on the top left corner. Yes, please. Okay.Now, you see portfolio under general tools. Yeah. Click that, please. Click that. Bring it somewhere here. Okay.Yeah. You can leave it there. Your portfolio is there.Okay. So, we're going to make some little changes. You know, your summary window, that's come all the way down, right? Push it a little bit up.Push it a little bit up. Okay. And bring this portfolio all the way to the bottom and then adjust it. Yeah. Okay. No, no, no, no, no.Let that be small. Let that be small. Okay.That's good enough. Stretch it to the right. Okay.I mean, in fact, you can make it smaller. You can make it smaller. Okay.Okay. So, this is where you will see your portfolio. Next to the portfolio, there's a plus.
Can you click that for me, please? Okay. Portfolio watch list. Okay. So, this version is a little different. That's fine. Okay.Now, your summary, you know, you can drag it all the way down until, all right, somewhat, a little bit more. Okay. So, what happens is, all the trades and you can keep this, you know, wherever it says summary, next to it, there's trades, right? You can keep it on that.Can I click trades and leave it there? Right. So, you see on the summary window, there is summary, right? Next to summary, there's trades. Click trades.All right. You can leave it there. And then, one more time, can you hit that plus and show me what else is there? All right.That's cool. Now, when you take a trade, let's say if you took this Apple trade, what's going to happen is, it'll tell you at what time you took this trade, what is the financial instrument, whether it's a puts or a thing, what is a puts or calls or a quantity or price, all that is going to come up here. Okay.Okay. And then, on this portfolio window, it will show you your actual money that is sitting in, how much money you made, what's the realized profit and all of that thing will be there. Okay.So, it shows like dollar figures or like percentage? Yes, dollar figure. Okay. And daily? On a daily basis.Yes. So, where it says unrealized, there where it's showing me the dollar figures? Now, you see funds on the right-hand side, funds HLD 1K. So, there it'll tell you what is your amount.If you put $2,000, it'll say 2K. All right. When you take a trade and if you're, let's say, you spend about $500 and you're on a trade and that trade is generating profit.Okay. Then, on the unrealized, it will show, if you're making $100 profit, it'll show $100. Okay.When you close the trade, it will say realized, which means you have earned that money. Right. And wherever it says daily, it'll give you that number and then it'll give you a percentage below that.Okay. Okay. So, this is your layout settings for your IBKR.Okay. So, what you can do is, that little lock that we opened, right, you can go click that lock again and then save the changes. All right.So, we are good with the layout. Okay. Okay.Now, we want to go set up the hotkeys. So, we're going to do three things. Okay.We're going to buy, we're going to sell, and we're going to cancel. All right. These are three
things we're going to do.So, now, on the option chains, you see settings all the way to the top. Yeah. Yep. Settings, please. I had a few, like, hotkeys set up. Okay.Let's go review that. Oh, okay. We've got so many here.Okay. All right. So, let's go and... Can you delete it and do it again? Yeah. We can do that as well. Let's... Okay. Let's delete some of these things. Okay. You see that search trader workstation. Click that.Search trader workstation. No, no, no. No, no.On the right-hand side, you have already configured the shortcuts, right? Yeah. You have... So, the third option from the top is search trader workstation. Yeah.Click that and delete it. Okay. On the right-hand side. On the right, if you... Okay. Got it. All right.All right. Delete roles, cancel orders. Click that and hit delete. Insert role. Click that. Hit delete.Show hotkey pop-up. Click delete. Buy limit. Click and delete. Oh, wait. Buy limit.Now, go to configure. My bad. Go to configure.Okay. So, now, you have kept your buy as shift one. Now, go to customize, please.Okay. So, now, what I want you to do is uncheck transmit the order simultaneously. Uncheck that.Okay. And you see the order type LMT? Change that to MKT, market. Okay.Now, I know you would have put LMT because that's what the guide says, right? Yeah. But now, see, we are also evolving, right? So, it makes more sense to use market orders and buy and sell. Okay.Sometimes, you know, I mean, I started doing market orders pretty recently. Okay. So, I was always caught in this little fix, you know, when, you know, if I'm well-prepared, then, bravo, I get an entry.Most times, you know, I feel it's a little too fast. And you guys would have on and off seen in the
Discord, right, how the entry is too fast, right? And some people say, don't tell me it's too fast, right? That's because they are all trying to enter using limit order and the price action is gone. That's why.Okay. Fair enough. Here, by default, you're going to buy only one order, right? That's what you put here.If you want to change that to three or five based on your comfort, you know, you can put. Change it. My suggestion will be change it to at least two orders.Okay. Okay. At least, see, now, I don't know what kind of capital you want to keep.My suggestion will be this. If you want to start with $3,000 and three orders, that is very ideal. Okay.Okay. If you want to go one step down, then definitely start with $2,000. Okay.Bare minimum start with $2,000 and two orders. Okay. So, that's the bare minimum you want to do.Okay. Okay. Now, transmit the order instantaneously. Check that, please. And put yes and okay. All right.The same thing you're going to do with sell. Okay. Configure. Customize. Change that to, no, leave that. Okay.Leave that because, you know, you want to, that's fine, right? You want to kind of do negative risk management there. So, mark it. Okay.Uncheck transmit the order. Check it again. Okay. Yes. Okay. And hit apply.All right. Okay. Now, click buy.Just buy. No, no. That's buy market. Just buy. Oh, buy. Sorry.Yeah. Buy. Configure.I want to see what you configured here. Go to customize. I haven't. You haven't. Okay. So, cancel and delete.Same with sell. Select and delete. Okay.
Now, cancel submitted. Okay. The last option, cancel submitted orders. Go to configure. Cancel order is this. Okay.So, cancel all orders. All right. Fantastic.Hit cancel, please. I hit apply and okay. All right.So, now, what we have done is we have configured your hotkeys as well. Okay. We're going to make a little bit more changes.Okay. On your IVKR, the left-hand side is for calls. The right-hand side is for puts. Okay. We're going to make some adjustment with the real estate. Okay.So, let's talk about puts first. There are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 columns, right? The first one says OPTN. Then there is volume.There's bid, mid, ask, and delta. Yeah. Right.Now, you see that OPTN. Right-click that. That's open interest.Yeah. Right-click that and say delete option open interest column. Okay. All right. Fantastic. Now, are you guys good with this font size? It's great. Okay. Super. So, now, you have the volumes and everything.Okay. So, you are on one day. So, can you select September 12th? Okay. Wait. You don't have funds sitting here. So, that's fine.So, the way you would purchase something is... Okay. So, I'm going to ask you to do something. Do it, but don't click it.Okay. Because we're not going to submit the order. Okay.I'm just going to show you how to place the order and how to get out of the order. Okay. So, let's say we are going to get into puts.Okay. We are going to purchase strike price 5 for 5, just for test. Okay.5, 5, 5. Okay. So, SPY 5, 5, 5 puts we're going to do. So, if that's what it is, then what you need to do is... Okay.Your strike price is 5, 5, 5. The moment you move your mouse, you see that puts, you see P there, right? So, click that once. Okay. Click it once.And what is your short key for buy? Shift, shift 1. So, hit shift 1. All right. Now, what has
happened is you see two things has happened, right? You get this little window, right? Market order confirmation. Okay.So, scroll down. Okay. You can hit don't display this message again.So, this is because of market order. Okay. Usually, people do limit order, but we're doing market order.Okay. So, you can say accept and continue. All right.Now, what has happened is... Okay. You have loaded your order. Okay.So, you can close the window on the right, the little window with a graph. Close that. Okay.Now, you will start getting this message. Okay. Cash needed for this order or other pending orders $277.Okay. Because since there's no cash, it's asking you to buy the contract price itself. Okay.So, you can close this. Okay. I'll show you once you load, I'll show you how to get rid of those messages, right? So, at this stage, what you have done effectively and please don't click the option change anywhere.Okay. Hear me out. So, what has happened is a new line came up.You see that's by whatever order, that's 555 order. It is by quantity to TIF day. You see that little above? Yes.Under the orders? Already more up. Yeah. No, not there.See, that is order entry. Okay. On the left-hand side, little above.Okay. Now, you see option change. There's a line, right? So, use that line and slightly drag it down.So, you have a little bit of space. A little bit. All right.That's good. That's good. So, now, what you have done is you have loaded an order.Okay. So, why will we do this? Because when you are watching a charts and let's say there's a patient scandal forming and you're waiting for an entry. Okay.And you know, all right, if the price crosses a certain point, you're going to make an entry. Okay. But you can always load the order with a strike price and wait.Okay. You need to wait like a hawk. All right.So, when you click in your option change, when you click 555 and when you hit shift one, the
order loaded, right? Now, how do you transmit? How do you get to the next step? Now, you see where it says MA. See, there are two blue items, right? Yes. Click that and no, no, no.Don't click the blue. Click MA. All right.When you do that, wait, why it's not transmitting? It should transmit. All right. So, hit market on top.On top, hit market. Yeah. All right.That's weird. So, ideally, when you do this, now, no, transmit is literally submitting. Okay.So, ideally, what should happen is when you hit that line, okay, it will flow the data into order entry. Okay. Now, in order entry, you're still seeing Apple, right? But you will actually see SPY, you know, September 12, 24, 555 puts and it'll flow here.Okay. For some reason, this is not flowing. So, we have a problem.What's that? That was the actual question. Even if a dragon drop or a stop limit out there, it doesn't flow. It doesn't flow? Okay.All right. So, let's go to settings. Okay.Essentially. So, everybody has the same problem? I've not tried that. Okay. So, all right. Let's go to settings. Let's go back to settings.Okay. Configure. Yeah.Settings. Go to hotkeys. All right.Let's go to buy, market, configure, customize. Okay. We're going to do this in two steps. Okay. Let's try this. So, let's do transmit.Transmit the orders instantaneously. Uncheck that. Hey, Ram. So, sorry to interrupt. I will drop off. Sorry.I need to take an important meeting, but I'll try to connect back if I just alone in like 20 minutes. Okay. Yeah.Absolutely, man. No worries. Thank you. Bye. Thanks, man. Thanks.Bye. Click the transmit the order instantaneously, please, and hit okay. All right. Yes and okay. And apply. Did it apply? Yeah.
Yeah, it did. Okay. All right.Okay. Now, what I want you to do is back to that order. Right-click that order. Spy. Yeah. Right-click that and discard.Okay. Now, let's try again. So, we're going to do 555. Click that. Yeah. Click it once and do shift one.Okay. Now, let's see if there's any message here for us. One's on hold.So, you tried to transfer $1,000 Canadian, but it's on hold. Okay. That's fine. Override and transmit. We don't want that to happen. Okay.If you trace, okay. Okay. You don't want. Okay. Let's cancel this. Yeah.Close, please. Click the market again. Click the market.When we do that shift one, it has to pop up in the order entry tab, right? Correct. Correct. It needs to.Okay. All right. So, let's try another one.Orders? Maybe it's on trades and not on orders in the activity? No. So, it should come up in the order entry itself. See, we are dealing with spy, but your order entry is still showing Apple, right? That should not happen, right? So, let's try and fix that.Okay. So, let's again discard this. Okay.Let's discard this. It's not after hours. Ah, market has closed.Okay. So, now we'll try to do this a little differently, right? So, again, click 555 puts. Now, if you hover your mouse towards the ask, move your mouse to the right towards the ask, you see buy like now.Click it. Click it. What happens to me? Nothing shows up.I'm clicking it. Wait, when you click, nothing happens? Yeah. Oh, to subscribe to market. That's the problem. All right. Okay.So, right-click and I want you to go to manage market data. Okay. Your browser will open up. Okay. Yeah. Login into your browser.
Okay. So, that's the problem, right? So, you are on a live account and you don't want to trade on a live account without the market data subscriptions. Okay.So, that's a protective thing. Okay. So, all right.Now, let's do the drop down on current market data. Do non-professional. All right. Do you agree that if you subscribe... Okay. Yes. Do you agree that... Yes, of course. Yeah, sure. Continue. All right.So, we are in North America, right? Yep. Scroll up a little bit. Okay. Scroll down. All right. Quote bundles.Click the quote bundles. Oh, yeah. Oh, that's right. Quote bundles. That drop down. Yeah.That drop down there. Okay. So, that's the only one. All right. Click that, please. Click that.I think it's already there. So, check that US equity option add-on. So, for US options, we need all that.Okay. And then provide dynamics. Okay.So, you need the other one, too. The one at the bottom. Level one.Click that one, please. See, when you are hitting $20 in commissions, right, this fee will get waived. Okay.So, don't worry about that. So, continue. Wait a minute.You don't need the futures value bundle. Where did you select that? I don't know. No, it was shown on the computer.It was in the Q&A. Go back. Yeah. Hit back. Hit back. Wait.How did I miss that? Where is it? Oh, US equity. That's only $450, man. Right.Scroll up. Do we have anything on top? Okay. Where is the futures coming from? That's why I'm a little confused.Okay. Hit back again on this. Hit back.
So, let's purely go to your... Go to settings? Yeah. Go to settings, please. Yes. What the hell? Wait. I have to log in, I guess. No, you are logged in.Okay. Yeah. Okay.So, let's do a proper login, right? So, it took you from... So, I'll tell you what, you know, get out of this. Okay. You know, open a new tab.Open a new window. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.Let's pull this down a bit so I can see a new tab. There you go. It's prompting. Good, good. Log in. All right.Superb. Superb. So, one question, Ram.Yep. So, do we need to fund our interactive broker's account so that the subscription shows up or pops up? Yeah, you need to fund it. Okay.So, you can still subscribe before funding, right? So, that's fine. What does this mean? Like I could provide some documents? You have one to provide an informational document that we would appreciate you completing. Okay.Pending items. All right. This can... This is okay.I still have it. I still have it pending, so that's okay. All right.So, here what you do is security and configure accounts, market data subscriptions. On the right-hand side, you see configure account on the right-hand side. Yeah.Yep. Market data subscriptions. Let's go there. All right. North America. We're in North America.Cool. So, you are currently non-professional. Brilliant.Okay. So, if you... Now, hit that settings next to subscription. Hit that settings, please. Yep. Yep. Configure.All right. Complementary. Okay.Let it be delayed market data. Okay. Each month, the first $1 snapshot is not charged. Okay. All right. Scroll down.Scroll down. All right. Quote bundle.
Yes. Quote bundle. All right. Equity. All right. That's good. That stays. US security. All right.You don't need this. You don't need that. US security snapshot. No. You don't need that. Wait a minute, man.Have they clubbed... This service will deliver for all this week as well as... Probably. Professional account is like $140 or something. Yeah.For professional, it's pretty expensive. I'm just wondering, you don't need the futures data here. Okay.You only need the options streaming bundle, which will be your ARCA, Amex, CBOT, and those things. Okay. So, in US futures value bundle plus, you don't need that too, unless they've changed it and... Oh, man.You know what? Give me a sec. Let's not speculate. I will open mine.All right. Let's just be 100% sure, unless they've changed it the way it is right now. Interactive brokers.All right. Login. Portal login.Login. Where's my phone? Okay. Approve. In fact, I'm done. Okay. IBKR.I still have the clustered person request. It'll be there. All right.I'm all caught up. Where is... So, here I go to settings, and in settings, I go to market data subscription, and then I go to configure. Okay.Complementary real-time services. Okay. Okay.All right. North America. So, get to that North America piece. Okay. All right. Quad bundles.Do you have... Okay. No wonder it's changed a little bit. So, I'll tell you what all we need, right? This is interesting.Okay. So, one, two, three. That's all I need.So, the way I have set up is, you know, I have level one. Okay. So, can you scroll down a little bit,
please? Do you have... Okay.So, go to level one in BBO. Not there. This one? No, no, no. Oh, yeah. Down. Yeah.Level one. Okay. So, under level one.Okay. So, what do you need is you need to scroll down and go to NYSE. Wait, wait. NYSE, American, BATS, ARCA. All right. Check that.This one? Yeah. Yeah. That one.Check that. Okay. You need the opera. All right. And scroll down. Scroll down.Okay. US mutual funds is already there. That's good.Okay. Apart from this, you really don't need anything. Now, scroll up.Scroll up all the way up to the quote bundles. Okay. You can uncheck US equity option add-on streaming bundle.You can uncheck this. You don't need this. Okay.And yeah. Now, if you really see, you should only have three subscriptions. Okay. Yeah. Click that, please. Click that.Yeah. Click that. Click the level one, too. Yeah. Click level one. Click the fixed income.All right. Now, no, you don't need. No, no, no.You don't need that. Okay. So, you see at the bottom, it says subscriptions three. That's all you need. You don't need anything more. All right.So, continue. You don't need any of this. I probably remove this. No, that's free. So, don't worry about it. All that is free.All right. So, we just subscribe to. Okay.We're just paying for, I guess. You're only paying for three items. No, I see. And Oprah. Correct. Okay.
So, that's some money here. Yeah. You don't need the rest of the things, man.I mean, we're not trading futures, right? You don't need that at all. So, now, continue. Continue. Yeah. That's all you're going to get charged. Wow.Like three dollars. Three dollars. Okay.That's it. You continue. And what's the commission fee on IBK? They probably charge you for every order? No.Of course, they charge you for every order, but yeah. So, their shields are amazing. Okay.So, now, we are switching to doing market orders. Okay. Now, when you have a sluggish day, you know, you can, you'll already know it.Okay. So, I don't even know how to explain this. You know, when you see a sluggish day, you'll know you want to trade using limit orders.See, for example, today. Okay. So, today, you know, it will be a market order day.Okay. Because, you know, things are not moving as much. And then, suddenly, towards the, in the afternoon, things are moving.Right. Yesterday, classic market order day. Okay.But, sometimes, you know, it'll move, but it'll move slowly. That time, you go sit on the limit order. Okay.So, when you're sitting on the limit order, that's when you have the bids. You have the asks. And then, you have the mid.Okay. IBKR is pretty popular in fulfilling mid orders. So, the average between the bids and the asks.Okay. So, you can do that, too, compared to the other brokers. In the large scheme of things, you know, as long as you're making money on your trades, the commissions are nothing compared to this.Let's go. Yep. Nice.Hey, Ram. I just joined back, you know, and I saw everyone happy. So, good.I actually subscribed for, you know, that $14, whatever was said in that the recording, right? So, I still have an option, right, to go back and change it? Oh, yeah. You can go change it right away. Wait, which recording says $14? I think the Somesh one, right, guys? Yeah.There's one in the Discord. You mentioned, like, $4.50 one and $10 one. Okay.
Now, so, you don't need those, right? So, you can just do away with the, you know, these, just these three paid. No, literally, you're only paying for two items. Okay.$1.50, $1.50. That's it. Okay, great. Yeah.This is, okay. Okay. These are general nonsense.You need to just respond. Okay. Are you currently a registered qualified professional security trader? No.You need to say no. Okay. Are you currently acting in any capacity to invest in Mumbai? No.Are you an asset manager? No. I mean, even if you're, yes, you got to say no. Otherwise, you're not going to get anything for this price.Okay. See, for Somesh, it's a different thing because he has a professional account, right? Because, you know, he trades from a company name, right? So, the cost is also pretty high. Okay.And for him, it makes more sense. You know, some operators, see, for example, Somesh can right away start creating futures if he wants to get into it because he already has a subscription. Now, for you and I, you know, as long as you're not going to get into futures, why pay for it? Yep.He's pretty inclined to learn how to go for options. Yeah. Let's master this. Let's master this and then get the future. Yeah. Exactly.Yeah. All right. All right.This is good. Don't show your address, bro. I'll do that. Yeah. Yeah. That's right, probably.All right. Title, position. You don't need any of this. I confirmed to have the answer. Yes. Oh, yeah.So, you need to say yes. Don't get no and put no. No. No. Yeah. Just copy paste your name, your mask.Good. Yeah. Oh, thank God. Yeah. No. Thank you.Continue. All right. That's your summary.
You can continue. Oh, boy. You got to put your employer name.You're a home trade employment type. Wait. So, when you set this apart, you know, if you say you're working for somebody and it would have asked you some questions about your financial, financial question, your salaries and all of that.At that point in time, you would have said you're working for someone or you're making so much money, right? So, keep it in line with whatever you gave there. I've definitely done with the selected home trader when I'm setting up. Okay.Yeah. So, employment name. Again, say home trader then in that case.Because I saw one of the links in Discord and they probably said if it's not setting up, then yeah, probably you can do like a home trader and then it will set up for you. Okay. So, here you can say you are a manager.He's got a manager option. Manager. Yeah.So, look for something that's financial. Yeah. Look for something financially. Yeah. I see there's a fit. Oh, manager.Yeah, manager is good. Cool. All right.Now, go ahead. Okay. And you should be all right. Okay. All that is good. Yeah.You can just scroll all the way down on this main and then you can continue. Okay. Ram, in the meantime, so what were those two things in the, under level one bucket that you want us to subscribe to? So, you want to subscribe to the NYSE American, that's ARCA, that line, which is$1.50. And the second one will be OPRA, O-P-R-A, U.S. Options Exchanges. That's $1.50. Okay. And the third. Sorry, Ram.So, where do I, I thought I saw it in level one NBBO. No, that's not it. Correct.Correct. So, if you scroll all the way down, all the way down to the level one option. Okay.One, two, three. Third from the bottom and fourth from the bottom. Those are the two things that you need.Of course, you can also select U.S. Mutual Funds by default. It will be selected. It's free.So, I don't see anything because I subscribed to the other one. That's why it's not showing anything U.S. maybe here. No, no, it will show you here.Even otherwise, it'll show you. No, I see Canadian, Mexican, Mexican, Montreal, NEO, U.S.
Mutual Funds. Scroll further down.Keep going down. No, there's one no more. I mean, there's been level two after that.Oh, no. What do you see? All right. Under other, is that what we are looking at? The NYSE order imbalance, that one or no? No, no, no.What you're looking for is Montreal. You see Montreal derivatives, right? I do see Montreal derivatives, yeah. What do you see after that? NEO exchange.After that? U.S. Mutual Funds. What? Already? Is it because I already have the subscription? Is that why, do you think? Let me uncheck it. If you already have it, it will check.The order will not change. Okay. You see, these are the two things you need. Yeah. Oh, man. Rejected.Oh, wait, wait, wait. That's because you've not loaded. What the heck? This is new. Yeah. Oh, boy. Okay.So, this is new. You need to load your account and then select this. Okay.Do you want part of the money or some money? Like, I have tried to put like $2,000. Yeah. Once you have $2,000, it should be good.Krishna, you want to, wait, let's fix this. So, Parth, what we'll do is, you already attempted to put$1,000, right? So, let's get the funds. So, they're coming around like $18,000 or something.That's what they told me. So, it's probably like a wire or not a wire transfer, but I don't know. So, let the money come in.Okay. And then we can do this again. Okay. This is new. They never did this before. Okay.So, when I set up, you know, first thing I'm going to set up here, right? And my money did not come in. And I went and got all these. So, this is new.This is a new update. Okay. So, all right.I mean, should I say insufficient funds? So, it says equity. That's something else. Doesn't matter. It's okay. Yeah, I mean, it is what it is. That's okay, man.So, once the funds get loaded, then I can do it again. Then you can do it. So, my suggestion will be, so, you move $1,000 Canadian, right? Yeah.
So, try to transfer another $1,000 Canadian so that you have enough funds to, even when you're starting off, right? So, you're able to get some decent size. Okay. You don't want to keep something very less because when you put $1,000 Canadian, it's going to be in USD.It's going to be a little lower than that, right? Yeah. So, keep $2,000 Canadian and then use that as a baseline, and then we'll pull off of that. Okay.Perfect. Perfect. Thanks.But I guess, Ron, it should work after we subscribe to the GitHub. Yes. This, it should, you know, once, I mean, it seems like IBKR itself has, you know, gotten better, right? So, once you subscribe and everything comes live, you know, when you go to the app, the trader workstation, you know, it should really flow the information.Okay. But let's try Krishna's setup. Okay.Krishna, if you want to share your screen, if you can. Sure. Let's see what's going on.Join on my other laptop. Where do I have the screen share? I see it now. Let's share the screen. Can you guys see? Yes. Okay. I am a heavy, you know, I don't use Mac at all, but I just added.Okay. So, bear with me, please. Okay.So, what I was saying. So, we don't need the quote bundle. Okay.So, you click that, the quote bundle. So, I, you know, like, until, like, just two minutes later, you know, this one and the $10 one were checked. I checked that.Okay. Go to level one. Okay.Scroll down. You're scrolling down, down, down, down. What the heck? What happened to the rest of it? Yeah, exactly.Okay. That's crypto. Yeah.What the heck, man? Is it from North America, right? You guys. I think you had to subscribe to US stock options, something like that. That's something came for me.You haven't subscribed to trading US stock options. Once I did that, then probably it can show up over here. Wait, what is that option though? It came on my IBKR app.So, I was scrolling why I was not able to see, like, US stocks options. And then probably it showed me, like, you don't have the permission to trade US stock. I think you can request the permission.Yeah, that is what this is. You know, I also got that message when I did, you know, when I was
initially subscribing, I didn't pay attention if there were those other $1 or $1.50 subscriptions, right? I just went ahead and subscribed to $4.50 and the $10, the US securities. Okay.So, let's do this, Krishna. See, you have unchecked, right? So, let's proceed with unchecking. Okay.So, let's proceed with that. And then we'll come back and check whatever we need. Okay. All right. So, you got rid of these two. All right.You can hit continue. So, what is this? I don't know what this is. Oh, in relation to the fees quarter under pricing, research news and market data, we didn't fight to put on such fees to cover and other possible.Okay. The amount of fees is free to the market data vendor. All right.That's fine. That's just, nothing happens to you. You're still going to spend $14. You're going to spend $14. Okay. Now, let's go.Okay. Hit okay. Awesome.Now, yeah, you go to configure. So, we go down to North America, level one. Let's go down. There you go. It's coming up. No, no, not that, not that, not that.Go down, go down, go down, go down, go down. All right. Not, yeah, the one next. NYSE, American, ARCA. Yeah, that one and the OPRA. Check that and then scroll down. All right. Yeah, good. So, all right.Yeah, good. Hit continue. So, Ram, what's the difference with the other one? The bundle has just some additional things like futures.You said that, that we don't. Yes. So, the bundle has the futures, right? So, you don't need futures.Okay. See, the thing is when you are on, let's say if you're trading futures. Okay.So, what's going to happen is you will need on the trading view site and on the IVKR site, you will need market data specific for futures. Okay. And they just add up, right? So, the thing is, you know, you have to see if I have to do, I don't even get the bundle.Okay. In the US, I don't even get the bundle. Okay.So, I have to go separately and then ask for MSCI index. I have to ask for what's called as a NP, streaming market data. Then I have to ask for SMP index.
So, literally for me, $6, 10, 14, 16, 17, 18, $20. Okay. So, if I want to create futures, I have to spend $22.Okay. Okay. Whereas you're getting that in a bundle for $14. Okay. That's good. That's all.I thought you're also based out of US, right? I'm based out of US. Yeah. Okay.So, I'm also here. So, what's the difference for me and you? Okay. So, you have, do you have a pro account or a light account? I just have a non-professional account.No. So, okay. Let's see how to find that.Okay. So, when you open your IBKR app. Okay. It's pro. It's pro. Okay.So, I have a light account and in the US alone, see, if I'm in the US, you know, we get this light option. Okay. So, see, now you have IBKR pro, right? See, the difference is this.You don't need a pro account because end of the day, we are only trading options. Right. You're not going to short the market.Okay. You're not going to long the market. Okay.All you're doing is you're buying a contract. Okay. Either a calls contract or a puts contract, and then you sell it.Right. You're not literally selling it and then going and buying it. You're not doing that.Right. So, that's why you don't need a pro account. The only difference between pro and light is that.Now, people outside the United States, they don't even have the option of light. They get pro. Okay.Which means they get margin. You can have a margin account. Okay. So, now I have a cash account. Okay. So, you'll have a margin account. So. Got it. That's the difference.Awesome. Awesome. So, here, did you guys already cover about the stop loss? If so, I'll maybe just listen to the recording.Okay. So, let's try here. Okay.
So, on your, can you go to your settings, please? The main, the actual settings. Yeah, the actual settings. Yes.All right. And then go to your hotkeys. All right.Buy market. So, you already configured this correctly, right? I mean, the one, yeah. Yes. Based on your guidance, I did it. Okay. Cool.So, let's do cancel. So, let's try with everything sitting in. Let's try.I mean, you have cash as well, right? So, right now, it may not go through, but let's try and do 555 puts. Okay. When you do shift one.Okay. So, you can, yeah, you can scroll down and scroll down and then accept and continue. All right.Now, performance data could not be calculated. Please. What the hell? Why? All right. Cancel this. No, you don't want to override and transmit gets closed. You don't want that. Cancel. Cancel. Okay.Now, you see how your order came and sat here, right? You know, click that MAR. You know, if you just click that, damn. Okay.So, the only other option we have is, let us give it 24 hours because. So, let's do tomorrow. Okay.Let's see what's happening. By then, your subscription should be up and ready. Let's see what happens.I mean, what are you expecting to be here? So, when you, nothing. When you click that line, right, what will happen is this order, it will flow into order entry. On the right-hand side, you see order entry Amazon.Now, what that will read is spy September 12, 2024 555 puts. Okay. And then, for whatever limits are there, those limits in the bid and ask will get filled up.Okay. And then, wait, why is your quantity at a hundred? That's way too much, right? You don't want so many contracts sitting there. And then, your market, again, so you have limit order there.So, that will get changed to market orders. Okay. So, whatever market order setting you have, it'll change that number and you'll be able to transmit the order from here.So, what is this hundred? I mean, I think that's just for the default. I didn't do anything. Okay.
Let's go to your settings, hotkeys, hotkeys, buy market and configure buy market. Customize. See, again, since we are in here, let's do this, transmit the order instantaneously, uncheck and check it.Yes. Okay. Same with the sell.Let's check the sell. Configure. Customize. All right. Uncheck and check it. Yes.Okay. Apply. Apply it and okay now.Okay. So, okay. So, let's go to the settings on order entry. Let's go to the settings on order entry. Settings. Okay.Now, that's just the order entry settings. Now, cancel this out. That's fine. That's fine. You can cancel this. Okay.So, the only thing I'm guessing at this stage is this. Okay. So, we removed some subscriptions and we added a new subscription.Right. So, probably it's the 24 hours window. Let's try it tomorrow. Okay. It comes through. It should, I mean, it should come through.Ideally, it should come through. Right. So, can you try just one? What's that? Call? Oh, yeah. We can try calls. Yeah. So, try the 559 calls.Wait. The order is not accepted. Projected post-expedition margin deficit is two.Oh, because I don't have, I don't know how much. So, I think I have $1,000 right now. Right. So, I think that's not sufficient. And I'm buying too hard. Close this.And it's calculating at hundreds. Look at that value there. It's about a million dollars. Cancel this. Okay. So, even here, it's not flowing through.See, if you click that market, you know, on the left, on the orders, right, you know, if you click that, it should just click any one. No, it's not flowing through. See.Okay. So, just right-click and discard those. I mean, both. Both. Yeah. Discard and discard that too.Okay. Okay. Anything here? So, ideally, we don't make any changes until the order flows into
that space, into the order entry, right? Your order should flow into that.So, let's, for the option chains, you're good. I'm just trying to see. I'm just trying to remember. Okay. We do that. That's, again, a separate window you've done.Okay. That's fine. You know, what is the purpose for that unchain thing? The chain.So, okay. Now, you, that's pain in the butt, man. Did you guys chain it? You don't need to chain it.Okay. Don't do anything there. I mean, in the previous setting, you know, see, again, we are at a stage right now.You still want to know, you know, you want to be in a position where you are loading your contract and then submitting it. Okay. You don't want to be in a position where you do shift one and then the order is submitted.We are not there yet, right? So, you want, yeah, exactly. So, I think this is good. So, let's give it 24 hours and we'll see, right, what happens and then we'll take this out.Theoretically, right. So, you know, so let's say, you know, the current price action is 552, let's say, right. And I want to buy a call, 555 call, right.So, does that mean that, you know, the price is going to cross 555 or can I actually cash out even before that? You can cash out. Okay. Good question.What it means is this. Okay. Right now, let's use a real-life example on SPY. All right. So, when the market closed, the price is at 558. Okay.So, right now, as we speak, you know, it's a post-market, but the market closed at, oh, the market closed at 559. Okay. So, 559 is where the market closed.All right. So, if you see on the left for the calls, there are certain areas which are in dark blue. And for the puts, there are certain areas which are in dark blue.And the strike price, if you see, there are two strike price, which are a little differently colored. Right. Okay.Now, this is how we work. Okay. So, there is at the money, in the money, out of the money. Okay. How do we figure that out is, on the strike price, you have 559. Okay.Since the market is closed, it's sitting on 559. Okay. So, 559 for calls is at the money. Okay. Anything, any strike price lower than 559. Okay.
For calls is in the money. So, what it means is, for example, 556. What it means is, if you, excuse me, if you buy a contract with a strike price, 556.Okay. But your price action is at 559. So, 556 is crossed.Right. Now, from here only, it's come up here. So, when you buy something at this point, you're going to pay more for that.Okay. Because you feel it's going to go up. You're going to pay more.You're going to pay a much larger premium. Okay. And why would you do that? Because since you're paying more, you're paying a larger premium.It will protect you from the downside. If for whatever reason, the price reverses, because you pay a little bit more money, it will protect you a little bit. Okay.Likewise, if the price keeps going up, this value is also going to go up significantly. Okay. Because, you know, remember I said, you know, you guys note down and we'll talk about Delta when we do the IBKR.You see this Delta column. Now, what that means is, for every dollar move. Okay.If SPY moves by a dollar, if you purchased strike price 559, for every dollar move on SPY, you're going to get 30 cents, which is $30. Right. If you purchase 556, you're going to get 94.8. If you purchase 557, you're going to get 76.2. Okay.And that keeps moving with the momentum. Right. It keeps rapidly moving.So, you're going to get a lot more. Okay. And likewise, when it goes down, you're going to, you know, it's going to ding you too.Right. So, that is why, you know, you always watch the Delta and then buy your strike. But thumb rule is this.Okay. When we are starting, we want to understand the system. We want to build familiarity with the system.We want to stay profitable. And, you know, you don't want these small things to bother you and all that. So, as a thumb rule, what you're going to do is, if you're buying calls.Okay. This is my thumb rule. Okay.When you buy calls, the strike price that I choose is going to be one or two below the dark, below the dark blue. If I'm buying puts, my strike price that I will choose will be one or two above the dark, the dark blue. Right.So, which means here, the dark blue starts from 558. Right. So, my strike price will potentially
be 559 or 560.Okay. For the calls. And if I'm doing puts, my strike price will be either 558 or 557 for the puts.Does it make sense? Ram, one more question. So, if you choose a strike price, like, let's say, the current price is 559. And for this call, you choose like a strike price of 561.Right. And if, so the share has to move, like, till 560 or 561, did I get a profit? Right. No, you're not.Okay. You know what, thanks. Thanks for asking that question.You know, a part of Krishna's question, I did not answer earlier. Okay. So, what it means is this. Okay. So, view this two separate ways. Okay.Now, your price action is at 559. Is that going to go up or down? We don't know, but we use certain indicators and we have certain strategies and we use that knowledge and we predict that it is going to go up. Okay.And then you buy calls. Okay. All that you're doing only to make that one decision.Are you going to buy calls or puts? You're going to buy calls. Okay. When you buy a strike price at 561, while the price action is only at 559.Okay. There is a strong potential. If your analysis is correct, let's assume it's correct. The price is going to go up. From 559, it will go to 560, 61, 62, 63. Okay.Absolutely possible. It'll go up. When it goes up, what is going to happen to this screen in your IBKRS? Your dark blue will start catching up.Okay. Right now, it's only until 558. If your price action is at 561, your dark blue will cover 558, 559, 560.When the price action goes to 562, it will cover 561. All right. And it's going to add momentum and more value for you.Okay. So, you're good. Right.Now, so that is your question. All right. Now, Krishna's question is this.When he asks, if the price action is at 559, and if I buy a strike price, let's say 556, does it mean that I will only make money only when the price action comes to 556? No. That's not what it means. Okay.Now, it can come to 556. If it comes to 556, I'm going to lose money because the price action is at 559. Right.
You bought calls. Calls means it needs to go up. If it comes down to 556, it's lower. So, you're going to lose money. All right. The strike price is different.Price action is different. That make sense? But also, Ram, I think my question was, right, 555 and 559, let's take the same example, right? So, it's at 557, right, whereas I purchased a strike at 559. Can I exit at that point with profit? I know probably it's not a great profit, but I'll still be able to exit, right? Because it's probably not at the money at that point, right? Okay.So, you're saying the price action is at 559. You bought a strike price of 555. No. Yeah. We're talking about calls. So, let's say price action 559.I purchased a call, a strike price at 562, let's say, right, because I want price to go up, right? Now it's 560 and I want to exit. Okay. You would make money.You'd make money, but you'll make very little money because 562, the value for 562, okay, let's take in the same, you know, let's take September 13th expiry, okay? Look at it, right? It's more realistic, right? So, look at the strike price for calls. So, let's talk about calls, right? For 559 strike price, the price, if you want to buy, is $1.40, okay? And the delta for that is 44 cents, right? 0.442, 44 cents. What it means is you're spending $1.40, $140 a contract.And if that goes up by a dollar, which means from 559, if it goes to 560, you're going to make another $44, okay? When it goes up. Wait, you stopped sharing. Yeah, no, I think my, you know, the laptop is good.Sorry. All right. So, now that's the strike price, okay? But if you really see from 559, okay, we want the price action to go up.But if you see the 560 or 561 strike price, the contract value itself is less. It's only about $30, 30 cents. And the delta for that is only five cents.So, if it makes a dollar move, you're only going to get five bucks, right? So, don't correlate the strike price and the price action, okay? It is exactly, see, if you're doing the calls, okay? If you're doing the calls, the logic will be a little reversed, right? From a current position, if your price action is 559, okay? Any value which is lesser than 559, okay, will be more expensive and it will give you more results. Any value which is higher than 559, and that's where you want the price action to go. But the strike price, if the value is higher than 559, the contract values are going to be cheaper and it's going to give you less money to no money, okay? So, price action and strike price are two different things.Just one question. So, we are playing calls and, like, say, the option, like, the stock price is 559. I'm taking a call, like, I'm taking a call in the money.So, with 559, I'm taking, let's say, 557 and it's in the money, right? So, what if the stock moves in my direction, if it goes up from 559 to 562, will I get more profit if it's in the money or at the
money? You will get more profit while you are in the money, okay? Okay. Now, I'm going to give you two answers here because this is something that for early this year, okay, I kind of tried watching this maybe for a couple of weeks, okay? Now, what's going to happen is this, okay? Let's take an example here. Expiration tomorrow, okay? All right.Jealous. Cool, man. Yeah, feel free to ping and we'll connect whenever you want, okay? Thanks, man.So, yeah, no worries, man. So, 559, okay, is your strike price, okay? Now, you're buying a 557 contract. So, a 557 contract is $2.63 bucks, okay? Now, when you spend $2.63 bucks and if it moves just by a dollar, you're going to make $62.Hold on. Hold on, guys. Sorry, man.That's my younger one. So, I mean, he had a tennis game. He forgot his t-shirt.That's why I had to run in between, right? His tennis jersey and now he's done with the game. He's in the seventh grade. He's just becoming a teenager now.My son will come for December. There you go. Oh, December.When December? December 24th, Christmas Eve. Oh, there you go, man. My older one, yeah, he's December 1, too.He's in college. So, yeah. Yes, yes, man.So, you have a boy or a girl? I have a boy. Boy, all right. Oh, you said son.My bad. Yeah, my bad, my bad, my bad. Hey, Ram, I wanted to say something before you explain, right? So, you are calculating this, adding delta in the ask price for calls.Is that how you decide, like, determine how much are we going to pay eventually? Yeah, I mean, you don't even have to do that, right? So, very roughly, you can just take the delta itself. Every dollar move is going to give you, you know, whichever strike price you add, you know, if it is 44.441, that's $44, right? For every dollar move, right? So, now, what is $44 of 140, right? One third, right? So, if you buy the 559 strike price for $140, okay? And if 559 hits 560, you know, that's a 30% move because your 140 will right now become 180. Yeah, got it.That's for quick calculation, all right? Now, you know, if the momentum is there, what's going to happen is you see on the top right corner of each of the days, you see IV, you know, for tomorrow, it is 12.9, right? See, but when the market opens, right? So, 12.9 will probably become 14, right? And then as the day progresses, it'll keep going down and down and down, okay? And see, now, I'm a little surprised it's showing 7.8 right now. Usually, you know, after that, it just comes down to almost worthless, okay? Some of those contracts becomes absolutely useless. So, IV determines, like, the momentum of the market? Like, it's like a big moment.
The momentum determines the IV. So, more the IV, there will be more bigger moves? The other way around. The bigger move, okay.So, on news days, okay? On news days, the market makers will keep the IV pretty high, okay? Until the news hits. After that, the big move is done and then IV will drop, okay? Otherwise, the, you know, IV starts there and then slowly, it'll come down, okay? So, it's good for us if the IV is on the higher side? Yes. Like, if the one more profit, if IV is more on the higher side, it's better for us, our contact price rises a bit more? Yes, but that's not what you should be seeing.What's you are, if the market is moving up, what's good for you is to be on the call straight. If the market's moving down, you need to be on the put straight. That's the only thing that's good for you, right? Because either way, IV is going to work.Okay. The question is, are you there to take that working, right? Got it. So, yeah.So, don't get caught into these small nitty-gritties, right? Okay. I thought, like, if there's more IV, there will be more momentum or something like the other way around. No, that's exactly what you should be, you should not be reading, okay? Okay.Now, it may be true, but that's not the guiding principle, right? So, there's only one guiding principle, right? You watch the trend. The trend is going up, okay? You need a little bit pullback, which is your patient scan. You need to be contained.The next candle is your entry candle. As long as it bids in as a holding, you enter. That's it. And you enter in calls, not inputs. Yeah. Whether the IV is less or more, doesn't matter.You're still going to make money. If IV is pumping, momentum is pumping, you're going to make, you know, quick money, right? But you will make money nevertheless. But the same logic, if you apply on an uphill market, if you put yourself in a puts position, you're going to lose money pretty quickly, right? So, you don't want that.Yes. Go ahead. Yeah, Ram, you know, I know we have already taken so much time of yours.Maybe we can do it. Maybe we can do it next time when you have time. I think, you know, for me personally, Ram, I don't want to start trading until I understand how to put stock, you know, I have no clue, unfortunately, how to put stop-loss.And also, like I said, you know, I didn't understand the concept of, you know, how do I know break even or, you know, how do I adjust? And the third thing, Ram, sorry again, you know, you know, the, you know, patient, patient scandal, right? You know, struggling a little bit, you know, just to, you know, be in sync with everybody else in the group in the morning. I think there's too much happening. Cool.So, all right. So, tomorrow, tomorrow, I'm not going to trade. Okay.
Usually, I don't trade on Fridays. Okay. Tomorrow, I'm not going to trade.So, let's do a couple of things. We'll, we'll wait for the subscriptions that you guys may change for it again. Okay.And let's just hope it's just the subscription, which is not allowing you to make those, you know, position those trades. And we're trying to do all that after hours, right? So, let's try and do that. Excuse me.So, we'll try to cover a couple of things tomorrow. Okay. First thing is we'll just test.When we place an order, it should flow. When you load an order, it should flow into the order entry, which is going to help you to place the order or submit the order. Okay.So, we'll test that. Now, for that to happen, we need to have the subscriptions ready. So, before we hang up right now, let's just quickly set up your paper account as well for with the right market subscription data so that, you know, the same 24 hours applicable.Okay. So, during the trading hours tomorrow, what we can do is let's cover patient scandal. Okay.Real time, let's cover patient scandal. And then based on that patient scandal, let's look at where is the entry and how do we move and where is the stop loss and how we will behave to the market. Okay.So, let's try to cover. Once you have that fundamental, I think it's a matter of time to practice and get familiar. That's it.Sounds good. Sounds good, Ram. Just one question, Ram.So, I've been seeing like so many says a lot of like break it and like take your profit that is a break even. So, where do you put your break even? I don't get it. Like, what does that mean? What does that mean? Okay.I'll quickly show something. Okay. Let me share my screen and I'll quickly show something and then we will go over this in detail also.Okay. All right. So, I'm going to share my screen, which is going to be, which screen is this? Okay.Screen four. That's why I just share. All right.Let me know when you can see the screen. All right. So, this is today's five minute spike chart.Okay. Now, I'm going to, since I already spotted it, I'm going to come to a very convenient position. Okay.
And show what we need to do. And I get it. At this time in the market, we are, you're supposed to be trading a ten minute chart.Okay. Just to showcase patient scandal entry and break even. Can I share mine? Because I take a trade on SPY at this particular time frame.But can you show where it can be to break even B? Sure. Sure. All right. Okay. So, here we're still in the uptrend. Okay.Yeah. All right. We're still in the uptrend. All right. No entry. Still uptrend.No entry. Still uptrend. So, I've probably taken over here.Like after this, right? After patient scandal. Yeah. So, after that, I take an entry. Okay. Now, mind you guys, this patient scandal, it's contained. Okay.While this is happening, you can use the long position because we are in the uptrend. Okay. So, if you do this, right click.Okay. Technically, for your entry, the bottom of the patient scandal is your stop loss. Stop loss. Okay. Based on whatever levels we have up there, that will be a profit target. Okay.So, for now, let me say this is my target. Okay. So, the next scandal technically should, when it comes, it needs to cross 558.04. That's the criteria number one.And our bids and asks should hold above 558.09. Now, let's just assume it's going to happen. Okay. Yeah.Now, wow, there is an entry. Okay. There is an entry.And not only there's an entry. Okay. So, let's say this is the profit target.I'm just to explain the point of I'm changing the position. Okay. Now, at this stage, I have, let's say I entered 10 contracts here.Okay. Okay. At this stage, I'm going to exit five positions.Okay. There are two things that's happened. I entered 10 contracts.Okay. When I entered 10 contracts, I'm prepared to lose the next amount of money when this price action comes here. Right.I'm prepared to lose all 10, the value for all 10 contracts. If the price action comes here, I'm
going to exit. This is my stop loss. Right. Yeah. Yeah.At the same time, when it goes up here, I'm prepared to exit 50% of my position. Okay. For a profit.Okay. So, the price action goes up there. So, I sold five contracts.Okay. And why did I sell only five contracts and not all 10? The reason I sold only five contracts is because I have secured the profit for those five and I'm expecting the price action to continue going up so that I can make profit off of the remaining five. Right.So, then what is going to be my stop loss for those five positions that I did not exit? Probably the starting of that candle. Yes. No.Wherever I should exit. Like the end. Yeah.Exactly. Because worst case is, okay, I'll show one candle up. Okay. See what happened here. It went down. Okay.It went down. I'm waiting. Let's assume it comes down all the way to my entry.Okay. What would have happened is the five contracts that I did not take profit would have come back to zero. Right.Yeah. So, literally, I took 10 contracts. For five contracts, I made a certain amount of profit. For the remaining five contracts, I sold it at zero. Okay. You didn't lose anything.I did not lose anything. So, instead of making profit on 10 contracts, I made profit on five contracts. Right.So, your entry position for your original 10 is the stop loss for the five that you decided to run or the five that you decided not to take profits. Right. So, this entry is the break-even point.Okay. Now, we forget about the stop loss now. Right.We already took profit once. Right. Now, this stop loss is non-existent.Okay. So, literally, what this means is I'm pushing it like this. Get it? I'm pushing it like this.So, my break-even point is my new stop loss or stop loss is my new break-even. Does it make sense? Okay. Okay.Now, go on. So, it's the position that you entered the option contract. That's your break-even now once you hit that profit target.
See, that's my break-even always. Right. That's my break-even because I entered at a certain point.If it comes back to the same point, I don't lose money, but I'm getting at zero dollars. Okay. Right.Stop loss means I'm willing to take the loss. You know, I know I'm in loss. I'm taking the loss. Right. Okay. Profit means I'm making money there.Right. So, my entry point is the break-even here. Right.Okay. But see, now you need to keep this as a revolving and evolving theory because now what has happened is the price went up. Right.Yeah. I took five contracts out here. Yeah.Here, let's say I'm taking here at this stage, let's say I'm taking three contracts. Okay. Let's say at this stage, I'm taking three contracts.Okay. Yeah. Here, I made five contracts and text.Where is the free flow? Oh, that's not here. Okay. So, sorry.So, here I took five contracts profit, another three contracts here. Right. Now, I still have two contracts.Now, what is my break-even point? The starting of that second green candle. Yes. This, wherever this is my, see, the first entry or the first profit that I took, that is my new break-even.Break-even, yeah. Because if this price action comes down here, I'll exit. Yeah. Still, I'm exiting with a profit. I'm not making a loss anymore. Right.Yes. Yes. But imagine exiting all five positions here.Right. I would have made more profit, but I only exited three positions. These two positions, you know, it's coming down here and making money.I didn't make as much money as this position. I came here, but it's still a profit. It's not a loss anymore.Right. I'm not making a loss at all. I'm making less profit. Right. So, this becomes the break-even. Okay.Now, let's see what happens. It went up there. At this stage, out of the two contracts that I have, I'm closing one contract.
I'm taking profit here. Right. So, when I take a profit here, okay, I still have one contract left.Right. Now, what is the break-even for that one contract? The starting of the green trenders? This one. Yeah.The profit target. The second profit target. It's my break-even. Yeah. Right. So, now, at this stage, this level is non-existent for me.This entry point is non-existent. The stop loss is non-existent. Now, this is my most recent area where I took profit.So, this is my break-even. Right. So, I'm sitting here.Right. So, now, if the price comes down here, I'm out. You're out. Okay. I'll not even wait for it to go down. Here, I'm out.Right. I'm not going to wait for bids and ask nothing. If it comes down, I'm out. Right. So, now, let's see what just happened. This is a classic.Right. Look at it. Came down. Barely a cent. Barely a cent. Okay.If you are, if you're using limit orders, it will not get filled. If you're using market orders and if you ask it, it'll get filled. Right.But what's going to happen is, let's say it didn't get filled. Okay. It came down. Boom. Went up. Right.So, while it's going up, now you'll be, oh, shit. Okay. Price can turn here.You know what? I'm going to exit. So, maybe at some point here, you would have exited. Because you still make your money.Right. So, you want to keep the trend going. You would have exited your last position there. Right. Yeah. Yeah.What happened? It went up. So, that's how you manage. Right.See, now, for, it's easy for me to explain this with 10 contracts on hand. Right. If I have only three contracts, what am I going to do? Right.If I have only two contracts, what am I going to do? Right. So, I only have my first position and my second position. That's it.
Okay. Which is not bad. Right.So, you build, accumulate those profits, keep accumulating the profits. You build your account size where you can take five trades, five contracts. Then you keep building your account size where you can take 10 contracts and then do this.That's it. Yeah. So, that's what I was having confusion about.But yeah, now you explained it pretty well. I know where is my breakeven now. Yeah.And Ram, so when it's happening on the fly, you know, how do you like that quickly, you know, look at the, you know, whatever is your stop loss and exit, right. And then say, and then I guess you'll have to do that in the app, right. Not the app, but the- See, that's why, that's why I said, keep this toolbar.Okay. You'll need it. Keep this long position, short position.Right. Keep watch and when you are, until you get comfortable, create only one ticket at a time. Okay.So, the moment you spot a patient scandal, you go put, you go put your long position. Okay. Now you're waiting like a hawk to watch the entry.Okay. The moment it happens, you go enter. Right.And you already know where your stop loss is going to be for your original entry. Right. And last time when you're taking profits, you just take this little line and put it there.So, now you're still watching that. Now, this becomes your new position to exit. Right.You know, if the profit, if the price action is going up, great for you. Right. Whatever reason that comes here, you exit.Don't even give in and say, oh shit, it's only touched. Let me hold, you know, maybe, no. You need to teach yourself to just exit.So, do you like just keep monitoring and then when, let's say it hit that 558 or 518, it starts going down a little bit. So, you just go and you have to take some manual action in that workstation or does? Yeah, you need to, yeah, you need to exit your positions. Right.Okay. So, now I thought there's some setting, you know, where you define and it exits at that level. Okay.It makes more sense. It's called mental stop loss. Yeah. Mental stop loss and we physically do it. Right. Oh, okay.
I think that was my main confusion. I thought you can, you can actually set your stop loss. You can, you can, but you don't want to do that.Right. See, it's, yeah, you don't want to do that. It's like, what, okay, we all grew up in India, right? You guys drove cars in India, right? Yeah.We have stick shift, right? Yeah. If, if you guys started driving automatic cars, you'll never know how to drive stick, correct? Yeah. When you know how to stick, automatic, you don't even have to put an effort.You already know it, right? Now this is stick, right? Once you know this and master it, then yeah, you can go attach a bracket or you're going to go attach a stop loss and end of the day, what? We're day traders, right? So, we are trading and see now certain setups will take 30 minutes, 20 minutes, but sometimes setups will happen just for like 10 minutes, right? So, you need to stay and watch it like a hawk. All right. I'll get it up.Right. So, well, if you do, let's say you're doing futures and all that, that's a different story, right? You can just automate the crap out of everything. Yeah.And the profit target that you probably put it over here, it's probably your levels that we have. Yes. Yes.Yes. Based on the level. See now here, I don't have levels, right? So, that's why I said, all right, I'll put it here.See, again, it gives me a risk to reward ratio, right? One is to 1.25. What it means is I'm spending 36 cents to make 45 cents, right? Okay. So, which means I'm risking a dollar to make dollar 25, which is pretty bad, but it's a good position to take little position off, you know, a good level to take little position off. You know, when I'm about 25% and I'll take, you know, 50% of my, 50% of my position off.And do you always wait for that little pullback or a little bit, you know, flat? I always wait for the patient candle. Yeah. For the patient candle, a hundred percent, a hundred percent.So, you wouldn't jump in, in that trend, right? Like around one o'clock or around that time? No, no, no. And see, you know, you can see this two ways. Okay.You can see this, especially this portion as two ways. Okay. One is the amount of potential money you could have made that you did not make.You can see it like that. Okay. If you teach your brain to only see this, two things are going to happen.You'll be so frustrated. You're going to quit trading because you're always going to spot areas where you never made money. Okay.
And it's only with these tickers. Now, there are thousands of tickers. Yeah.Potentially you didn't make money that day, right? The second thing is you're teaching yourself the worst habit, right? So, you don't want that. The correct habit is here. You know, it's not, it's not about, see, you're going to make money nevertheless, right? You have a system, follow the system, and that system will take you to make money, right? That's why, you know, I keep saying, this is my profit target.This is my loss target. See, for example, today I hit my loss target. Okay. Great trade, right? But stop loss hit. Okay. I lost about 200 bucks.Okay. Today, that's my target. Okay.So, I spent $1,000 to buy contracts. And my target is when I spend $1,000, I'm okay to take $200 loss. I took a $200 loss.I said, I'm done for the day. I'll walk away. Right.If I had not taken that loss, or let's say I only took $100 loss. Okay. Then I would have again bought more positions.Okay. But I already, my very first trade, I took a $200 loss. That's it.I'm done for the day. So, you need to kind of teach yourself these things. Okay.Don't look at losing money. In the large scheme of things, down the road, five months, six months, one year, you know, all this money that you didn't make or the money that you lost will be an investment for your education. Right.So, don't worry about it. You don't want to go put yourself in this momentum simply because A, it's going to be expensive. And B, you don't know at what point it's going to reverse.Right. Because it's only going up. You know, the same thing, look at it in a 10-minute chart.Okay. It's only going up. Now, in the one-minute chart, I'm sorry, in the one-hour chart, that's an impulse wave.That's an impulse wave. Right. Which means it can just turn anytime. You don't want that to happen. Right. And it's wrong.Sorry. Yeah, go ahead. No, no, go ahead.That's why the pullback is important. Yeah. So, I just have one question.So, in this pie, you see 555, that's a dynamite level, right? Correct. Okay. So, do we, like, is it, we can take trades when it just crosses the dynamite level, but up for calls? Or it's not, you should
still wait for patient candles to happen? Patient's candle, always. Yeah. Okay. See, patient's candle is nothing but a retrace.Okay. A little pullback. Always wait for the pullback.Okay. Now, the dynamite levels are sentimental levels, right? Yeah. So, I mean, see, we are all retail traders, okay? There are market makers, they'll want to do whatever, right? So, you got to be pretty careful about it.See, for example, okay, I'll show you where, let's come here. Okay. It's come down, trend broke. Okay. And this candle confirmed uptrend. Okay.Now, this candle is a red candle, but it's not a pullback because they're exactly the same. It's not a pullback. Okay.Now, that's a pullback and it's a patient's candle. So, when this is happening, what you do, you immediately go here and you put the long position. Okay.And these are the things that you, and this is one of my favorite patient's candle, very short patient's candle. I love these patient's candles. Okay.And here, what I'll do is, okay, pre-market high is here. I'll go put my level to the pre-market high. Okay.Oops. Hold on. I'll just wrap this in a minute.Okay. Now, that's a perfect patient's candle. So, now you're waiting for the candle to cross555.93. Bidgen holds to ask.Okay. Yeah. Bidgen asks to hold.Bravo. Crossed. Now, you're in the trade.Okay. Now, your point is for the trade to go up. Okay.That's why you're at the pullback and you're entering. But what happened? Stop-loss hit. Just not like that.I mean, it killed you, right? Yeah. It killed you. So, that's why you need to wait like a hawk, right? And then get out.I mean, this is probably a bad example because this is where the earthquake news hit, right? So, we got out. Right. So, you got to... See, these are small things.You got to keep watch. Okay. Now, this is... So, what happened to the... So, there was a... And yeah, it just dropped and I was actually seeing... So, in that case, I think you probably don't even
have time to go, you know, exit out, right? And I think it just happened super fast, right? That drop today.You'll know it. You'll just know it. You know, see, the drop happens so much.Okay. Even for the price action to change and the premiums to change, you know, there's a split second. That's why you got to keep watching it.So, you have to watch. Okay. And then exit.Okay. Now, okay. Now, that's a... See, a lot of people would have lost money here, right? But what is the reality of the situation? The market almost went up by 1%, $4.67. Market, end of the day, you know, if you go look at it, if you go on a daily level, that's a rally.Today is a rally, right? But nobody, on the large scheme of things, will notice this candle or this candle, because it's a rally, right? I mean, think about it, even this candle. So, there are three areas, three or four areas, sellers were aggressively trying to push the price down, but the buyers did not give up. They kept it going.I mean, it went up 560, it's almost 560 bucks, right? It's almost at an all-time high, right? So, I mean, somewhere on the corner of your head, keep these factors in mind, but the primary factor is, okay, there is a trend, there's a pullback, patient's candle. We'll wait for the next candle for the top of the high of the patient's candle to break. If it's an ask to hold, then I'll enter.Great. Now, if the trade does not work out, it does not work out, you keep watching again. That's it.Yeah. And probably for that trade that you showed before, but the trend was not there, like probably for a setting up as well, like to take a trade as well. Yeah.Yeah. Because it was just like choppy all over. It was, yeah, yeah.See, if you go into the two-minute chart, it was chopping around. I mean, see, think about it, right? From here in the two-minute chart, it came up, but there's not a single entry. It did come up, sure, but not a single entry.So, I mean, it is what it is. At the beginning of the day, it was pretty sluggish. I mean, see, today, in my view, you see, I don't trade for more than one run-off hours.Okay. In the first one run-off hours, my view was, you should have just sat cash. It was just a perfect cash day.But did you catch that move? Like probably one which you showed me? No. Okay. No. The moment I hit my stop-loss target.
ctmrm9qa87cc72vkc7dgRecord on this computer. Okay, now recording is in progress. Okay, so this is my paper account and what I have is, you know, this options chains.Okay, let's keep it to spy. Okay, so I have the options chains. Okay, so let it load.Okay, now in the option chains, you know, you want to keep it in the list view to start with. So, you have this, the list of dates, right, where the contracts are sitting and then you have your strike price. All right, so we usually trade zero DTs.So, the zero DT. Now, when you follow the setup and when you have it, what's going to happen is, you'll have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. There'll be one more column. Okay, just before the volume, there'll be one more column that's called the open interest.You don't need that. We don't use that as much. So, you can right click and delete it.When you right click and delete, this is what you're going to get. Volume, bid, mid, ask and delta. All right, so these are your strike price and these are your premiums for the strike price.And right now, we are in the market hour and we'll probably take some sample trades and we'll see how to get into a trade and get out of the trade. All right, okay, this is your option chains. Now, this little box is your order entry.Okay, when you take a trade here, it should come into the order entry and in the order entry, you submit the trade for the trade to be transmitted. And you will also, when you buy a trade, when you buy a contract, you buy it from here. When you sell it, you sell it from here.Whatever you do, all your activities will come into this area where you see trades. It'll come here and you see portfolio. This is your portfolio, your whatever money and everything else will be sitting here.Your details will come here. All right, and here are the details of the orders will also come and sit here. All right, so let's take a sample trade.Okay, and the way we will do that is, let me know when you can see my screen here. We are on the five minutes by chart. Okay, now 1243.So, I'm sure each, everybody completed at least module six, right? Yes. All right, and you guys know what time frame we got to be at this. Right now, the time is 145 Eastern, right? So, what is the time, what chart we should be on? Two minutes, five minutes or 10 minutes? Is it the five or the 10? It's the 10 minutes.We should be on the 10-minute chart. Okay, so at 143, we should be on the 10-minute chart. All right, so just keep that in mind.
For the purposes of this illustration, I will do five minutes because it's a lot quicker. And all right, so let's take here. You guys can see the chart, right? This, if you see, we have another 14 seconds.Now, this is a patient scandal. This red is, so we are visually in the uptrend. Okay, now this red is a patient scandal.Okay, so what I do is, I take this long position and put it here. Okay, and the bottom of the patient scandal is my stop loss. And I don't have the levels here, so no levels.So, the point is, we want the price action to cross 563.01. Okay, first step, we want the price action to cross 563.01. Second step, we want the bids and asks also to be above 563.01 for at least five seconds, and then you enter the trade. Okay, all right, so we'll keep that in mind. Okay, while we, while that is happening, see, but the price action is somewhere here.Okay, we want it to go up there, right? So, I'm going to drag it. Okay, while we are there, what do you do in IBKR? The price action, so we're going to take calls, right? 563. The price action is around 563.So, typically, you take 563 calls. The way you take the trade is very simple. You click this for the calls on the left, which is on the right.You click this C, and whatever short keys that you guys have set. Okay, shift one, whatever. So, I do control B, B for buy, control B. Now, my, the moment I do control B, it comes here.If I do transmit, it'll buy. Okay, but I don't usually do that. I do cancel, because I like to load my contract, right? Now, see, when it comes here, the same order got loaded into my order entry.Okay, so I've got only one contract. So, I'm going to change this to 10 contracts. I usually do, I started doing market order right now, and then I'm waiting.Okay, I'm literally waiting at this stage. Okay, so we're waiting. You guys can see both the price action and the chart? Yes.All right, cool. I'll try to shrink a little bit more. Oh, sorry.Right, you guys can see that. Right, both? Yes. And I'll lower this to the moment the price action crosses 563.01. That's criteria number one.We want the sell and buy also to be above 563.01 for at least five seconds. Then, I will hit submit for the order to go. Okay, and I bought, I'm buying 10 contracts.So, at this stage, we are literally sitting and waiting. Okay, so while we're waiting, you guys can ask any questions now. This is a patient scandal, but not my favorite patient scandal.All right, if you guys have completed Model E6, especially the patient scandal updated class, you
know, this is not my favorite patient scandal at all. It's too big. All right.So, so far, any questions? Can I? Yeah, go ahead. So, here, as we see, the stop loss is like way too, the week is too long, right? So, what the level is bigger than where we are taking the profit target is like way bigger than this week. So, is it a good candle, patient scandal? Like risk to reward ratio would be? Risk to reward, sure.So now, unfortunately, I don't have the levels upwards here. Okay. So now, if you see, the risk to reward is just one is to one.Okay. So, it's not the best. See now, even if I go to 563.58, okay, so the risk to reward is only 1.5. Okay.So, it's not the best trade. Okay. Honestly, it's not the best trade.Okay. But for purposes of illustration, okay, we will see how to enter and exit. But, you know, yeah, that's a good question.It's definitely not the best risk to reward, right? So, you chose 563 because that's the closest to the market price? Yes. Okay. Fantastic.The reason, all right, let me, let's, let's cover that. Okay. Now, the price action is around here, 562, 563.Okay. Now, if you know, see now, that's the price action. Okay.This is strike price, two different things. But if you notice the strike price, it's a little colored, right? There are different colors. Now, you see that? Now, my thumb rule is this.When we are doing calls, now this area is all dark blue, right? Everything that's dark blue is in the money. Okay. It's in the money.Now, the very first one, which is not dark blue is 563 strike price, which is nothing but in unison with the price action, right? It's around there, right? Okay. And so, as a thumb rule, I will select a strike price, which is just one or two below the dark blue for calls. And the same thing for puts, I will choose one or two above the dark blue for puts.Makes sense? Yeah. That's, that's the thumb rule. Okay.You don't want to go two in the money. You don't want to go two out of the money. You go at the money.Yes. That's what we did. We went for 563.That's why we went for 563. All right. So, I will not, I will not, I don't even need to see the chart to choose the strike price because my thumb rule is, you know, because the chart is, we are subscribed to the market data, right? So, it talks to each other.
All right. Any questions guys on this? No. TRS.Of course. Just one question I have is like, so you usually put market orders or you put limit orders as well? I started putting market orders for the last couple of weeks. I'm only doing market orders because limit order, so honestly, you know, my entire life I've been trading, I mean, the entire time I've been trading limit orders, but you know, with some of the market movements, you know, the limit orders don't get filled.Okay. Yeah. So, you know, you sit there and you know, you caught everything, but you hit submit, but the trade's gone.So, you either get filled at a shitty price or you don't get filled at all. Right. So, market order is good.Just hit market order and go away. Okay. Is there like a huge difference between like a limit or a market order? Watch guys.Watch, watch, guys. Watch, watch, watch. Okay.So, now, wait, okay. You're, this is a new, this is your new patient scandal, right? So, now this is a new patient scandal. So, this is giving the entry.So, your entry should be above 562.98 and hold, right? So, 562.98 and hold. Now, it's not gone above 98. We'll keep watching this at the same time.Okay. The moment it goes up, I'm going to hit submit. All right.562.98. All right. And it should hold for at least five seconds. You know, look at this.It did cross. Yeah, it once crossed. Yeah.But it did not hold. Okay. We need it to hold for five seconds. Be very strict with this rule. Okay. 562.And you know, when you're sitting with real money, you'd be like, oh man, it's only three cents. See, look at this. 562.95. It's only three cents.You know what? I'll just enter. What if I miss out? You know what? Don't give in. The rule is very simple.Look at this. The rule is very simple. 562.98. And it should hold for five seconds. Look at this. Just one cent away. One cent away.98. Good. But this is not at 98.This is not at 98. I'm not entering. I'm not even counting, right? I'm not entering.
I'm not even counting. I want both to be 98. All right.98. But there's only 97. All right.One, two, three, four. But no. Look what happened. No. I'm not entering. It did not hold for five seconds.The volume is also very low, right? Yeah. Volume is low. So imagine if somebody entered here, you know, they'll be struggling, right? Because it's not moving.Look at that. Look at that. It needs to be 562.98. Gotcha.98. Why do you need both of them when you are just buying? All right. And I'll answer that.I'm going to quickly park that question. I'll answer that, Oma, okay? So, all right. While I attempt to answer that, Oma, but I want you guys to also keep an eye on this 98, because the moment it crosses 98 and it holds for five seconds, if I'm in the middle of the answer, I'll start counting and enter, okay? So, okay.We are getting close. So, the reason is we are on a uptrend, okay? There's a little bit of a retracement here. This candle, this red candle, there was a retracement.That's our patient's candle, okay? The next candle should potentially give us the entry, but it did not. Instead, it became a contained candle, which by itself became a patient's candle, okay? So, what I did was I changed my long position and made it into a patient's candle to say, look guys, what's going on? To say the price action, that is this current candle that we are on, should cross this patient's candle, which is 562.98, okay? The reason we say it needs to cross and hold is because when it crosses the retraced high, the belief is the momentum will continue to go or continue to be on the upside. If it does not cross and hold the high, there is a strong possibility the sellers are going to push it down, like in this case, right? Look at it.In this case, it crossed, it definitely crossed, but it failed to hold. Imagine if you had entered this trade, you would be going down, you'll be making, you'll be hitting a stop-loss target, right? And for us, the stop-loss is here, okay? The new stop-loss is there, okay? My bad, I did not change it earlier, right? Because this is a new patient's candle, right? So, imagine if you're entered, right now, instead of making money, you're busy losing money and the price action is almost going to hit your stop-loss, right? And mind you guys, it crossed and I counted one, two, three, and it stopped. Do not give in, do not feel formal, right? Literally count one and when you're on the live call, when people are saying and Somesh is saying, you know, guys, it's a great trade, you know, you look sexy, come on, you know, get your ass up, just go, all right, I'm jumping, don't jump in like that because Somesh has very clearly taught us how to fish.Yep. And his experience level fishing is different from ours, right? In order to get there, simple logic, one, two, three, four, five, if it's holding, hit submit, enter the trade. Now, despite that, if
you lose, it's a great trade and you lost, don't feel bad.Right now, if you entered and lost, that's, that's, that's the mess. That's dumb shit. Okay. No, Tesla was okay. We'll talk about Tesla. Okay.Even I lost in Tesla today, but that's, yeah, yeah. I think today, this week for me is dumb shit week. So I did some dumb shit and lost next week is always there.So that's okay. So there's one question again. Go on.So whenever the patient candle changes, do we move that Fibonacci level that you just, no, what is this? Okay. This is not the Fibonacci level. This is a long position.Okay. So do we change that position as well? A hundred percent, a hundred percent you change. See now, mind you guys.If we haven't submitted the order. If we have not submitted the order. Yes. We changed it. Like how I changed it. Right.So first this, this candle was the patient's candle, but it did not give, look at that. If we did not wait and if we had entered right now, this is a loss making trade. Right.So now what's happened is, you know, for this patient's candle, you know, there's no entry. Okay. So since there's no entry, you know, I, I'm going to delete.All right. No entry. All right.And I'm going to keep watching the screen and this trade is no go. So none. However, excuse me on the five minute chart, we still on the uptrend.This is a patient's candle itself. Yes. Right.So what I'm going to do is I'm going to attempt it again. Right. I want to put my long position here.That's my patient's stop loss. And, you know, let's say I'm going to keep one is to one is to three ratio, assuming there is a level there. All right.Now, mind you guys, we still have about one minute and 19 seconds. Okay. All right. That's not working out. That's not working out. That's it.That's not working out. So when something like this happens, see now the trend is so much on the downside. Okay.The trend is so much on the downside. Is there a new system thing? What the heck's going on?
Right. So it's so much on the downside.Okay. So yeah. So eventually it will, it will probably want to change the direction. So no. So I'm not going to take a trade now. Okay.So no trade. So let's say we go to some other ticker and see if we are getting an entry somewhere. Okay.So that we can try and do a live trade. Okay. All right.Apple. So Apple is still on the. Ram, can you show how you delete the order? Oh, how I delete the order.Okay. Now we did not place the order. Okay.But I did load the order. Right. So all I'm going to do is.Okay. You see this little area when I, when we, the strike price that we selected, we selected 563, right? Calls. It comes here.Just right click there and hit discard. It goes away. When this goes, this also goes.The blue. If you wanted to place the order, you should press the transmit button. Correct.I want to do a realistic example and show you how to place the order. Okay. Um, we will, we will try to do that.I'm going to pick a, pick another ticker and see if we are able to get an entry somewhere and place an order. Okay. Everything is going down.Everything is going down. Right. So, okay.Let me just for the sentiment, I mean, for the illustration purpose, let me, let's just take spy. Okay. Assuming patient scan is working out and everything.Okay. So I'm going to choose this 561. All right.I want to click this P right. And use your whatever short key that you have. Right.I'm doing cancel. The order is loaded here. I'm going to take 10 positions, market order.And I hit submit. When I hit submit, it says for 10 orders, it's $760. There's a commission, blah, blah, blah.So I do transmit. When I hit transmit. All right.All right. I hit transmit. Now, how do I know if all my orders are placed or not? Right.
Right now we are on orders. You go to portfolio. My order is not placed.What the hell? My order is not placed, but now we did. Okay. So I've got 10 orders sitting here. Now, how do I go sell? Hit sell. All right. Now, again, I changed this to market.All right. I changed this to market. Okay.Now let's see how to take profits. Okay. Now, again, this is not the realistic entry. Okay. This is only for illustration purpose. Now I have 10 positions.Right. I want to take first five orders out. So I select five orders.Okay. And I'm going to use, I'm going to use these blue lines to show when I'm taking profit and when I'm going to trail the stop loss and all of that. Okay.So your blue line would be pitting one of the levels? Yes. One of the profit targets. Okay.So now let it actually become profitable. Right now I'm at a negative $37 loss, right? We took a random trade, right? So we want this to come down. Okay.Yeah. It splits just because it splits. Yeah.So you guys with me so far? See, that's why I was trying my best to avoid a random trade, just for the purposes of this illustration to show how to enter an order. I enter an order. Okay.And we will try to utilize this, hoping it continues to go down. If not, we'll find another trade. Okay.All right. So in the first, based on LTP. Okay.Now see, let's assume we have a level. Let's say we have a level there. Okay.Let's just assume. So when the profit, when the price action hits this blue line, I'm going to take five off. Right.How? I selected five of my positions and I'm on sell. When it's sell, this is red. When it's blue, it's buy.Okay. So I'm waiting. Okay.I'm waiting for it to come down. All right. Come on.Damn, it's playing. So you lost $37 now? That's what it means. Yes.Okay. So typically, you know, I'll have the long position or the short position. And once you get experience at times, you don't even use the position.
You visually start doing things. Okay. Let's see how.And mind you guys, remember, for the purposes of our illustration, let's say that is our stop loss. Okay. Or I'll change this to red.That is our stop loss. All right. Okay.If it hits my stop loss, I'm exiting all 10 positions. Okay. No two ways about it.If it hits this blue line, which is my first profit target, I'm exiting five positions. Okay. I'm selling five positions.Okay. So right now we are sitting and waiting for it to go in one direction. Okay.And hopefully if it hits the green, I mean, the blue, we'll see how it, what it means and how it is. Okay. And did you do a stop loss or are you just going to do it manually? We always do it manually.It's a mental stop loss. All right. We are not going to sell everything, sell the 10. Yes. Let's say it just goes up here. I'm going to hit my position.See what happens. See, right now I have five, right? If I hit this position, it becomes 10. Oh, immediately you just submit.Immediately. Yeah. So for now I'm keeping five.All right. We don't know, you know, it's going, you know, it's going in the reverse direction, right? So I'm like, oh shit, it goes. Okay, done.Submit. Market data connection lost. Okay.So I'm still sitting with five. Market data connection re-established. Is that for you or for me? Market data connection lost and re-established.Is it, it's coming for me, right? I think it was yours. Yeah. Okay.Dang. Okay. How long do we wait for this profit target? So how many candles do we wait? Until it hits.Until it hits. Exactly. So this line is a stop loss.You have a reason to get out. This line is your first profit target. You have a reason to get out.Anything in between, you don't have a reason to get out. So don't get out. Just, just sit and watch.Unless you're freaked out. Yeah. If you see with the real money, you know, see, it's easy for me
to sit here.Yeah. That's, that line wait, this line wait, it's easy for me to stay. But when I'm sitting with the real money and, you know, if I have 10 positions and, and I see, oh my God, you know, I've spent about $500 and about $150, you know, burning, you know, I'll be like, right.But the thing is, I mean, of course, these are all, these are unrealistic lines that we put, right. Really. I mean, realistically, I would not have entered the straight at all to begin with.Right. Yeah. So yeah, but, but this is how you, you teach yourself to stay patient and don't let it bother you because, and this again goes to the psychology of getting into a trade, holding a trade and what position size, right.See now, as long as in reality, in real life, if that $200 loss is not impacting me, I'm able to hold it, right. It's not impacting me because I'm prepared to lose that. You need to get that mindset.You should be prepared to lose it as much as you're prepared to win something. Okay. That's why I keep saying there's a profit target and there's a loss target.The moment you hit anyone, take it. Be happy. Be happy.Don't, don't feel bad because you have a loss. Don't be happy that you have a profit. They both are your targets.It's your plan. It's your trade. It's your money.Okay. So in this game, you cannot always win. You need to lose at times and you will, right? And there should be a learning in the loss.So you'd be happy with both. I mean, if you lose making dumb shit, I mean, there's no learning at all, right? Can I ask you something Ram? Go ahead. So for the patient scandal, do we include the wick that has to be contained or just the body or the whole thing? Uh, the whole thing.The whole thing has to be contained from the previous candle, right? Correct. Correct. See guys at this stage, you know, the momentum is building, right? The momentum is building.So I'm going to hit 10 and I'll be waiting. I'll be waiting for it to hit that. I'm like, shoot.See again, when you're exiting, okay, this top loss, I'm going to exit, but you know, typically on the stop loss also I'll watch the bids and asks. Okay. So for the purposes of this illustration, let's say I'm going to, um, you know, the bids and asks are also holding at the stop loss and you know, we're right there and you know, as much as, you know, we don't want to take a loss.We'll be like, what the hell? And, but mind you, it did not hit the line still. Yeah, it didn't. Yeah. So it went all the way. It's teasing, right? It's teasing. So you go sit there.
God is sitting there. What do you do? You don't do anything because there's nothing that you can do. You still look at the bid and ask the price that has to hit that number 563.03. 563.03. Okay.So at least for three seconds, because see today Tesla was a classic example. Yesterday SPY was a classic example, although they both turned out to be loss making trades. They were classic examples where it hit your, see there could be a situation where it will hit 563.06. Okay.Oh, now it changed. Don't be too sure. So let's try and test this.So our stop loss is 563.07. We want this to be 563.07. If it goes above and holds, exit. Okay. Krishna, you're on.Hey, Krishna. I'm sorry. I thought the meeting was starting at 11 PST.My bad. So Ram, did you guys enter at 563.03? Is that the patient's candle there? Sorry, not there. I mean, but the 562.84? No, we did not enter the patient's candle.We just made a random entry just to illustrate how to enter a trade. Okay. From an IBKR perspective.Okay. So we did not, and this profit taking and this stop loss, they are just imaginary ones for the purpose of the illustration. Okay.Got it. So let's say I entered that patient's candle there. So the third red trade, the wick there, that's actually extending until like five.So I see your puts like 561 put, right? But if I want, I can also exit out the bottom end of that wick with some profit, right? You could, but in real time, you won't know that is the bottom. So now you're able to see that is the bottom because we are past that by two candles, right? But 10 minutes earlier, you did not know that was the bottom. So for example, you don't know on this candle, whether, what is the top or the high or the low of this candle? You still have three minutes.You don't know what's going to happen, right? I have three minutes. Oh, this is a five minute chat. Okay.See guys, the patient's factor is extremely important here, right? Look at this. This candle came up to 562.99 and our stop loss is 563.05. That's six seconds. But six seconds, if you become jittery and got out, you would have probably lost, we were almost like, well, how much? 300 bucks, 275, something like that, right? When you hold on and respect your rules, what's happening? You're still in the game.There's a reversal. You're still in the game. You give yourself a fighting chance.I mean, nevertheless, you're making a loss, right? But you're not making a $275. You're only
losing $145 right now. And you're still in the game, potentially for it to go down and make a profit.Okay. So two things are extremely important. Number one is holding that five seconds to make an entry.And the even more important thing is respecting a stop loss. When the line is here, that's your line. Okay.Don't get jittery and get out before and don't get greedy and hold on to it. You know, while I'm preaching, don't get greedy and hold on to it. You know, I'm party to the crime, holding on, not respecting my stop loss and it's hurt me pretty well.Okay. So don't hold on. Your mind will tell you a lot of things to hold. Okay. Don't listen to it. When you see that line, get out.Just get out. Ram, at the time you're drawing this line, you don't quite know exactly how much you will lose or how much you will gain, right? Yes. Okay.Okay. You can have an estimate. You'll never know exactly how much you're going to win, how much you're going to lose, but you can have an estimate.Right. And that's why, excuse me, that's why you use the long position and the short position. Okay.So we'll give it a couple of more minutes on this trade to see where it goes. Okay. If this is not the trade to explain our point, then we'll get out and we'll find something else.And Omer, I'll come back to that question of estimating how much you can make, how much you can lose. Okay. It's an estimate.Ram, just one more question. Good. So when you place a market order, so how much is the difference between market order and limit order? Like it's like a huge difference once it gets placed? No, it's not.It's not. Okay. So let me show you here.No, no, not at all. It's exactly the same. Okay.So this is a market order that I placed, right? 561 puts. And I placed a market order. Now I placed an quantity.At the time of placing the order, the fill price was 48 cents. Okay. Now these are your premiums, right? These are your premiums, right? Yeah.When I sell this, now this is, I'm selling and okay, just to answer one of your questions. Okay. So
I'm going to just sell one position.Okay. Randomly, I'm going to sell at market order. Okay.Watch this. Now we sell at bids. Bids are 32, right? Right now 33, 34. All right. Whatever. So watch the bid.Okay. Now I'm going to sell at 34, right? Right now it changed, but when I submitted, it went out at 34. Now, which is no different than selling the, what do you say? Selling it at the limit.But then the question is, why do you want to do that? What's the difference between a limit order and a market order, right? You see, when I set this at 34, okay, I think there's a move happening. When I set this at a market order, at that moment, whatever was the price premium, it takes and executes the order. Now, if I try to place a limit order, all right, and let's say I'm setting it at 34, but the market, the price action moved and became 36.So, which means somebody is willing to pay 36 cents for it, but I am only trying to sell it at 34, right? So, why will they buy from me, right? When they are getting more money for a contract, you know, that contract will be more favorable than somebody selling it for a lower price, right? So, that's when there's a strong chance you can miss a move, okay, using limit orders. So, sluggish day, you can use limit orders, okay? Trendy days, use market orders. That's the thumb rule, but to avoid any confusion, just get in the practice of using market orders, okay? So, I'm still going to keep five here and see what's going on.Some moment, try to happen, okay? So, any questions, guys? While we still wait, any questions on what I just mentioned? And we sell and buy at the bids, right? Like, if we place an order, we buy at bids and if we sell, we sell at bids. No, we always buy at ask and sell at bids, okay? When you're doing the market order, it automatically assumes the ask for buy and automatically assumes the sell for bids. You don't have to physically go and select it.Thanks much, but I got a kind of a rush, but I'll be waiting for the video. All right, sure, no worries. No worries, man.I have a question, man. Shoot. Okay, so, is it that, let's say, if when you buy at a certain price and then if you start losing money, you sell, is that how it's done? Okay, let's, let's, I want to be very careful answering that question, okay? Because more than answering the question, it's a, what you just asked is a mind frame, okay? Your mindset itself.We need to change that mindset and I will answer that question. It's a question nevertheless and while I am answering that, I will also cover what it means to flip the premium, okay? So, I'll combine all that in my response, okay? And that's a, that's a good point you put out there, okay? While we are waiting for the perfect answer, okay, let's talk about that situation, okay? So, we need to remember a few things. First is, all right, while this is going on, we bought 10, you know, 561 strike price, all right? Puts contract, we bought 10 of those, right? When we bought,
each of those contracts were 48 cents, okay? Now, how much did we end up spending? We are spending 480 dollars, right? Why 480 dollars when a contract is only 48 cents? Why 480 dollars? One contract has 100 shares, right? Exactly, it has 100 shares, okay? So, Oma, first and foremost is one contract means there are 100 shares sitting inside, okay? And we're buying a contract of SPY.What is the value of SPY? 563.35 or whatever. Now, if I have to go and buy 100 shares of SPY, how much money do you think I'm going to spend? About 56,200. Exactly, 56,200 dollars.But right now, all I did was, I spent 480 dollars. But I have 100 shares with me, right? What it means is, I have a package which has the effect of 100 shares, but I don't actually own those 100 shares. The reason I have that package is, I got that package for a certain price, okay? Not for 56,000, but the value for the 56,000 is put into a package and that package, we call it as a premium, and it's only 480 dollars, right? I'm going to flip this premium from 480 dollars, when it becomes 550 dollars, I'm going to sell it, okay? So, how am I going to flip it? I'm going to buy that package, okay? Be it calls package, or puts package, depending on the trend, I'm going to buy it, hold it for a period of time, and sell it, when the premium becomes higher for the package.That's flipping the premium. In other words, that is options day trading, okay? So, I still have not bought 100 shares, and I have not sold 100 shares. I just paid the money for the premium.I rented the package, and I sold the package. That's it, right? So, here, for each of my, okay, let's say some movement is going on. All right, it's coming up here, right? So, let's, for the purposes, let's say it's coming up here.If it comes here, I will be, okay, when we bought, right? When we bought these contracts, man, okay, when we got these contracts, they were 48 cents, right? A piece. Now, here, when I sold, I sold it only for 34. Now, that's a loss, right? I wanted to flip it.I want to make it better, but unfortunately, I could not, because the price action was such, I could only sell it for 34 cents or $34, right? So, I sold it for $34. So, one contract, you know, that's a loss, right? That's a $14 loss. So, now, look what's happening.Now, this is coming up. I've got five here. I'm going to sell.All right, sell, submit, boom, submit. All right, sold. Now, I've got some more contracts sitting in.I'm going to hit sell, okay? Now, I'm going to sell only two. I have four positions. I'm going to only sell two, okay? Now, where am I going to sell this two? Okay, guys, if the price action goes past this blue line, I'm going to sell it all, because this is my new stop loss.This new, this blue line is my new stop loss, okay? I, okay, you with me? 561.91, okay? That's my new stop loss. If the price action goes above that, I'm going to sell it all. We want it to go down, okay? We want it to go down further.
So, I'm sitting with my four positions and waiting. I'm at that point, okay? 561.9. It's going up. It's going up, right? I have to sell it now, right? Otherwise, I'll make a loss.See, now I'm making a loss. All right, guys, sell, because I'm showing it to you. You know, I was, oh, damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it.I made a mistake. Okay, don't follow this. I made a mistake.I sold it on, I sold it on limit. Okay, so these four answer to some earlier questions, like, okay, now it's gone further down. Okay, great.You know, I'm going to sell two of my contracts now. Sell, boom, okay? Now, I have two more contracts, okay? Two more contracts only, and I have to go to market. So, my new stop loss is, my new stop loss is this, okay? That's my new stop loss.You following, guys? If the price action goes above, you know, it's going to make a loss. All right, I want it to go down. This is my new stop loss.If the price action comes up here, that's breakeven, right? That's only breakeven, but I want it to go down, but if it comes up here, I'm going to exit, right? Now, I'm watching. You with me? Okay, my original stop loss was there for my entry, and then I made, I took a first profit here. All right, great.Now, see, if it comes back to this blue, I'm getting out. When I get out, mind you, I'll still be making money, right? Because at this stage, look, look, look, look, look. Watch, watch this and watch this.I'm still making money, right? I want it to go down, but this is my breakeven, because I already, second time I took profit, right? Second time I took profit. So, we'll be waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting. Boom, it's going amazing, right? So, now it's moving further.I'm only selling just one contract. Submit, submit. All right, again, I have one more contract to go.I'll set this up. I'm loading and waiting. So, what is my next line? My next line is this.I don't want it to go there, right? So, waiting, waiting, waiting. So, if it goes past this, see, this contract will make you money, right? It's making money. Now, it's gone past this line.All right, I'm going to sell it. I'm going to sell it, but I'm making money. Boom, done, done, right? So, what I'm going to do is this.I'm going to put a line. I'm going to put a bigger line here. I sold my last contract here. All right. So, guys, this is beautiful. Let's talk about this, right? Let's talk about this.This is beautiful. Okay. Now, can somebody tell me if we made money in this deal or no? I
bought consolidated.See, I bought 10 contracts at $48. I sold one at $34. Then I sold five at $50. Then I sold two at $52. Then I sold one at $75. Then I sold one at $71.And, Oma, you see how we've been flipping the premium? Yeah, yeah. Right? Now, what I know is I've made money. Do I know how much money I made? I don't.I made $40, okay? On a random trade like this, I spent $480 and I made just about 10%, okay? Now, is that great money? No, it's not, okay? Now, that's a different question because our entry was not the best entry and all that. There's no strategy here, okay? Just for the purpose of illustration, this negative risk management. What we said was this.We said originally when we entered, okay, we entered somewhere here. So, let's put some clear lines, okay? So, I'm going to say we entered here, okay? So, we entered here. Let me change the color.So, this was our entry, right? When we entered, we said that's the stop loss, right? And we said this can be our first profit target. Excuse me. Let me do call out.And Ram, do you use five minutes after five minutes chat after the first 30 minutes, right? I think that's what you said yesterday, right? What's that? Do you use the five minutes chat after the first 30 minutes of trading or in the morning? See, the thing is I only trade to a point where I don't even stay in to use the 10-minute chart, okay? I use two minutes, five minutes. I don't wait for the 10-minute chart. I mean, I don't even trade at this hour, okay? So, you just trade for about an hour and you get out? Yes.Okay. And Ram, just a follow-up question here. I don't think I'm still clear because my understanding was, right, you look at the two-minute chart, you know, just to see a little bit more, you know, granularity, right? To see what's happening within that two minutes, right? How does it matter if it's first 30 minutes or, you know, I'm looking at the two-minute chart between 10 to 10.30, let's say, right? Because I want to see, you know, what's happening every two minutes between that time frame.And am I understanding this correctly? No, you're not. And I'll explain that, okay? I'll explain. No worries.I'll explain that. But we'll finish this view and I'll come to that, okay? Why we need two minutes only in the first 30 minutes and then we move to five? I'll explain that, okay? Now, what we did is this, okay? Again, guys, this is not as per LTP, okay? This illustration is only to showcase entry and exit in IBKR. And secondary purpose is as we're exiting, how do we manage this negative risk management and break-even, stop-loss, all of those, okay? So, this was our random entry, okay? This yellow line was the random entry.
We took puts, which means we want the profit, the price action to go down. When we took puts here, the price action was around 563, right? So, we took the 500, I'm sorry, the price action was around 561. So, we took 561 puts.We bought 10 contracts, okay? Now, this was when we entered at that point in time, we said randomly the high of the day is going to be the stop-loss. This red line was a stop-loss, which means if the price action comes and hits this red line, we are going to get out, right? Entry, get out. And the first target, we said we will be here, right? Take profit one.Now, we were on it, we were here, price action went all the way here, just six cents short of our stop-loss, and we decided to hold on. And then it was dodging a little bit, dodging a little bit, and then it came here, right? So, when at this specific point, at this specific point, what has happened is it came back to your entry, right? So, you have not made any money, you've not lost any money, you break even, right? Whatever money you put, it's sitting there, you break even. Then it decided to go down, it came here.So, at this stage, we took half of it, 50% of our contracts, TP1, take profit one, okay? The moment you take profits in a trade, okay, this stop-loss disappears, okay? And I will illustrate that with another line here. This entry point, right? This entry point, this, okay, this entry point, I'm going to put a little lower so you're able to see that red line. You guys can see that red line, right? All right.So, this red line is your revised stop-loss or break-even. It doesn't make sense. Now, your price action is here, you took profits, if for whatever reason, so 50% of the contracts, you took profits.So, right now you're green, okay? For the remaining 50% of the contracts, if it reverses and if it goes back to this point, what's going to happen is, you're going to come to a point where you're making money for those remaining 50% of the contracts. It's going to be zero, which means you're not made money, you're not made loss, you're at break-even. So, you exit, you don't want to make loss anymore, you exit.Does it make sense? Yes. Oma, this was your question as well, right? Yes, yes, yes. Okay.So, you are going to use that logic and flow it down. If it's calls, you're going to flow it up. In other words, called a trading stop-loss, okay? And what do we do here? Fortunately for us, the price action continue to go down in our favor.So, what we did was, we took... So, we're taking profits here randomly just for illustration purpose, but in reality, you will using the levels to take profit, right? That's why it's called LTP levels. We'll be using the levels to exit the trade, okay? So, here, assuming this is a level, we decided to take out of the remaining five contracts, we decided to take some three contracts out, okay? Here. Now, at this level, what has happened is, you took more profits, but you're going to change this revised stop-loss to here.Make sense? Yeah. Because for the remaining contracts, if it goes below, above this line, it's
going to make loss, right? Because your theta decay is happening. So, up to this line, you will not make any loss.You would have protected the profit itself, right? You see, at TP2, if you're making $15 and if TP1, if you're making $10, you don't want the price action to go above this $10 line, right? You want to get out and secure the $10 profit itself, right? You don't want to go to this break at the original entry area and make a loss. You don't want that. So, you're securing the profit here, right? And with me? So, the third profit we took here, we took one contract out here, right? We took this one contract out.When we took this one contract out, what we also said is, okay, now this TP2 is... No, the third contract is here. We took here, right? And we got out. Now, the fourth contract, when we were coming up here, the price action came here down, okay? At TP3, it... No, wait a minute.We took some off here. Why did I put this line? Did I mess something up? No, we took the profit here. So, maybe I messed up with the lines.So, this is the third profit. Take profit, okay? Sorry, I've got... Okay, TP3 and TP4. All right.So, what we did was, we took TP3 here, okay? So, TP2, that's my bad, okay? My bad. So, this is not TP2. This is TP2, right? This is our entry, actually, right? We came in and entered here.So, my bad, okay? So, here, when we took TP3 here, okay, we were good. Now, we don't want the price to go above this line. When the price went above this line, we decided to exit, okay? Now, this last contract, we made a small loss, okay? Compared to this exit.Between this exit and this exit, we made a loss. But compared to our entry to this, that's a good profit, right? We secured our profit. We didn't want the profit to go lower than this.Make sense? You guys with me? Yeah, Ram. Hey, Ram, one follow-on question here, right? So, you were talking about flipping premiums, but does the price change also? Adds up to the profit and loss, let's say, more from 565 to 562, let's say, right? So, of course, you know, the premium would change there, but when you take the profits, you're also making profit around the price changing or no? Like, you know, the difference of two, three dollars? See, guys, I'll tell you what, you know, flipping the premium is as simple as selling your contract. It's exactly the same.Okay. Okay. So, don't get caught into that term, okay? So, all we're doing is we're buying a contract and wanting to sell it at a higher price, okay? While we wanted to sell at a higher price, we have some profit targets, okay? How high it can go.At the same time, to protect us, we also said, for whatever reason, if it goes below a certain price from my purchase price, I want to sell it at a loss, okay? And I'm okay to live with that loss. That's the simplest concept, okay? So, if you, this information is all you need. If I buy something for a dollar, at that point in time, I have already decided when I buy this for a dollar, if it goes to
90 cents, I will sell it and I'll be happy with my 10 cent loss.If it goes to 100, I mean, if it goes to dollar 30 cents, I will sell it and I will be happy with my 30 cent profit, okay? So, all I'm looking at are three things. I'm buying something for a dollar, I will sell the same thing for 90 cent or I will sell the same thing for a dollar and 30 cent. These are the three things that I'm focusing on.Everything else is noise in your head, you don't need to know. And even if you do, it's not going to help you, because the goals are very clear. You buy it at a dollar, you sell it at 90 cents, if it goes against you, you sell it at dollar 30, if it goes towards your plan, that's it.We can call that as buy and sell, you can call that as day trading, you can call that as flipping the premium, you can, that's all, that's all it is. That's the simplest explanation. Yeah, no, sounds good Ram, but I think I'll not bother about what's going on.See, the thing is, I don't want you guys to... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Obviously, there's another specific answer to your question, but my point is knowing that answer is not going to help you, okay? But not knowing these three things is going to hurt you, okay? You need to know only these three things, which will help you and take you forward. Not knowing this will definitely hurt you, okay? But the other information, whether you know it or if you don't know it, it won't change your equation at all, okay? So, all I'm saying is, we'll stick to what we need to know, that's it.Yep, yep. So, you know, I'm making my decisions based on the price action, right? And then I come here, I sell it when, you know, it hits that level or the stop loss. And, you know, whatever I'm seeing on your fill price or fill PX right there, you know, I'm not worrying about, you know, what's happening.No, because we're going to do everything on market order, you buy it. So, basically, you know, this was pretty good, you know, I did not know I can keep it like this, right? So, as it's coming here, see, I have two monitors here, okay? So, I keep in my, the monitor in front of me, I keep my IBKR there, and the monitor on top of it, I keep my chart, okay? So, I'm actually watching the chart, I load the contracts, I'm watching the chart, okay? As and when it goes, all right, I'm going to execute, that's it. I'm watching the chart and I'm executing here.I don't care, you know, if at this stop loss, all I know is if the price action hits this stop loss, I have to execute. I don't care whether, you know, I bought, so when I bought the contract for$48, whether at this stop loss area, whether it's $10 or $15 or $20, I don't care, that's my stop loss and I'm going to exit, okay? The moment I begin to care about those figures, there's a strong chance I'm going to miss my exit, you know, cause more loss, right? And just for you to know, if you feel, see, for example, this auxiliary price, okay? Let's assume, you know, what is this auxiliary price? When is it going to come? You know what, I don't care, I don't even need it here. So, I'm going to go there and I'm going to delete this column, I don't need it, okay? If you feel this fill price is causing a distraction, right click and delete fill price, don't care about it, okay? And see, your portfolio is here, don't keep your portfolio because, you know, when I know
I'm only making $40, you know, I'm not too happy, I need more, right? But when you just leave it out here and when you watch this, you don't know how much money you're making and guys, I'll tell you this, okay? For the longest time, you know, I, or rather, it's only in the last two weeks, I started trading without watching my P&L, which is this portfolio, this figure, without watching it, I started trading, okay? When people say it makes a big difference, you know, there are people who started with me, there are people who came after me and there is Somesh, there is Vee, all these guys, when they keep saying, I'm like, you know what, I hear you but I just can't do it, what the hell man, I just can't do it, okay? And then my point is, wait, I can't do it is my problem, right? But these guys are doing it and they're already a success story, right? So, let me just try to replicate what they're doing, okay? It makes an ocean of a difference, okay? If I look at this, oh, I only made $40 and I'm not too happy, so which means I'm going to be sitting here, hoping it's going to go down further and look at this green candle, it went up, you know, ate up all my profit, right? At this stage, it ate up all my profit, you know, and take a look at it, right? So, which order was it? 561, 561, the fill price is about $54, how much did we buy it for? 48 originally, what is the difference between 54 and 48? $6, right? $6.Now, I'm not happy to make $40 but I ended up making $6, right? So, don't let this sit here and derail your judgment, right? Just watch the price action and trade, practice doing that, you know, the best advantage you guys have is you guys have not taken a single trade yet, right? So, practice taking trades without watching the P&L, you know, then becomes a norm for you guys, it's a game changer, it's a game changer, right? And Ram, how long did you practice paper trading before you actually jumped in to the actual trading? So, I did paper trading when I started, I did paper trading for two weeks, that entire two weeks, I did it so incorrectly, I did not know how to place an order, I did not know how to exit an order, I was trying to self teach myself and it was a mess but guess what? It's paper trading, right? And freaking when I went into live trading, I had a trauma, there was a PTSD placing those orders. See, that's why when somebody asks this question, you know, I know the pain of this, I said, all right, I'll come on, I'll invest this time, you know, we're here together, right? We're here to make money, right? So, you know, this is what I can bring to the table, I'll do this, you know, this is a real pain, okay? Now, so we have Deepak here, okay? When I was talking to him, it took, I suggested Deepak to paper trade at least for two weeks after showing all this but third day, he decided to trade live. So, I again forced him to continue trading paper for that week reluctantly which he did and for two more days, he did, okay? But he started live trading, that depends on the comfort, okay? So, my suggestion is going to be anywhere between two to three days, paper trade, make all the mistakes, get familiar with clicking here, clicking there, how do you cancel a trade, how do you place a trade, you know, what happens sometimes, you know, okay, now we are on, okay, I'll show you a small example, you're on Meta, right? So, let's say you're looking to place an order on Meta, now you're here, now, oh, you want to do something here, you click here, look what happened to Meta, Meta disappeared, it became Spy, it's not a glitch, it's the design, when you click this, it will instantly bring you back to Spy, doesn't matter if you're on Meta, Meta will change to Spy, so you need to know those things.
Now, how do I get back Meta, oh, shit, I'm on real market, how do I, okay, go to the drop down, Meta is right there, go to Meta, Meta will load back, that's it. So, you get to, you know, you get familiar with all this, now, look at this, right? So, Spy is on ListView, I told you guys when we started, be on ListView, now, look at this, Meta, Meta is on TabView, okay, then you'll be what happened to the rest of it, I don't know, don't panic, just go here, change it to ListView, done, that's it, it'll all load up. So, get familiar, two days, three days, four days or a week, get familiar with the system, okay, don't get comfortable with paper trading, get familiar with the system, okay? So, my suggestion will be anywhere between two, three days to a week, do it and then get into the live trading environment and as much as you give yourself a profit target, the stop loss is your loss target, okay? So, you need to respect that and for example, if you say, I'm going to spend $500 and buy three contracts, okay? My profit target is, I'm going to, or my loss target is, if I hit $100, I'm going to walk away, I'm going to accept my $100 loss and I'm going to walk away.When I hit $300 profit, I'm going to accept my $300 profit and walk away. I'm not going to get greedy and I'm not going to give in, nothing, I will just take it and walk away, that's it, okay? If you practice that in the live market for 10 days, you can do wonders, okay? You can do wonders, the point is you need to get comfortable with everything, that's it. And Ram, one more question, so how is that ListView benefitted? Like, you know, so you're always getting a day, yeah, so you're buying contracts for that day, right? Is it more for people who want to buy like a weekly contract? It's just sometimes there will be, so it's a good habit, right? See, think about it, if you have a ListView, for example, when I have a tab view, what's going to happen is nothing, there's nothing here, right? Which means I cannot use anything.Now, when I keep a ListView, there's something here, if I want, I can use it. Now, if I don't want, I'm not going to use it, right? So, it's a little bit more information, but I'm not going to use it, right? So, keep by default ListView and don't worry about whatever. If you decide to be a zero- day trader, because zero-day trading is low premium and quick moves, so, you know, choose that.Now, if you, for example, Monday, if you want to go take a Tesla trade, you can't get a zero-day for Tesla, right? So, you want to get to the next nearest expiry day. Another question, Ram? Sure. Actually, two questions.So, the first one, I think it was just an example, say you have 500 and you want to buy two or three contracts. I've been trying to work my head around how to know how many contracts to buy, considering how much you have in your account. That's one question.The second one I see on Someshi's, no, on the daily watch list, something like a bull pie and then there will be prudes call a certain price in a discord. Does that mean when the price goes above this price, we trade prudes? When it goes below this, we trade? Is that what that means? Correct. So, absolutely.That's what it means. Okay. So, I'll answer both those questions.
Okay. So, guys, give me, just give me two minutes. Okay.I will be right back. I want to just mute this and go. I'll be right back. Okay. Just two minutes. I just need to take care of something.Where the heck is the mute? All right. All right. I'm back. Sorry about that. So, second question, Omar. All right.Here's a question. What do you see in the daily watch list? All right. Is, okay, when they have a figure, if they say buy below this, buy the strike price for prudes, it's straightforward, right? Now, one question is, you know, on the discord, there is a daily watch list channel.Are you referring to that or are you referring to so many trades? I'm referring to the daily watch list. Isn't that what we're supposed to work for? Okay. Now, so, do you log into the Zoom call every day? No, I haven't, because I'm still watching the modules, but I think when we joined, he Zoomed once.Okay. So, my suggestion will be, while you guys are watching the modules, right? Join the Zoom, okay, and see what he's presenting. He'll share a screen and he will mention real time, what trades are there and why we should take this trade and all that.If nothing is there, we just chat. It's fun. Okay.It's a nice vibe. We just chat. It's fun, you know, all that.We do a lot of things. Okay. So, my suggestion will be to do that.This daily, see now, I don't think any of the guys really go and, you know, follow that daily watch list. Okay. The daily watch list keeps coming.Okay. It's there. We really don't, you know, need it because we need something real time.Okay. So, my personal suggestion will be, yeah, you don't need the daily watch list. It's more of a signal.You don't want that. Okay. And it's a hit or miss.Nobody's guiding you there. Whereas in the Zoom, summation B are actually guiding. Right.So, we need that more than the daily watch list. Okay. But fundamentally, whatever the numbers are given, you know, there'll be a, for calls, there'll be an up arrow.So, that's what it is for puts. There'll be a down arrow. So, you need to go, you know, whatever value, if it goes below, then you get in and there'll be a target and then it'll tell you two targets.Okay. Target one and target two. Okay.
But yeah, don't get used to watching that. Okay. You don't want that.Okay. All right. Second, what was your second question? How do you determine how much contracts to buy and how, what would you suggest we start out? Okay.I'm asking for myself. What would you suggest a new, a beginner start with? Okay. So, makes sense.And I can share this, you know, I'm going to just show a, let me share something with you guys. Okay. Are you able to see my Excel? Yeah.All right. Let's take a small, let's do a small at, okay. Account size is 2000. Okay. Thousand. Okay.So far, does it make sense? You have a, or I'll put it this way. Let's say you start with an account size of $2,000. Okay.This is a thumb rule. Use this as a guidance. I'm not saying this is how it should be. Use it as a guidance. Okay. To grow your account.With this, you determine how many contracts to buy and what contracts to buy. If you, so you need to have at least $2,000. Okay.If you want to really grow something, you need to have at least $2,000. Okay. Now, folks in Canada, wait, how many folks in Canada? So, I know Omar, you're in Canada.Deepak is in Canada. Krishna, you're in Washington, right? And Parth, you're in Canada. Denise, where are you from? All right.Denise, if you're saying something, I'm here too. Okay. All right.For folks in Canada, the advantage is you can, you get the same, you get instant settlement, right? So, if you give yourself $1,000, you can keep using the same $1,000 repeatedly, right? Whereas for us in the US, we don't have same day settlement. We have next day settlement, which means if you use $1,000 from your account, you know, $1,000, even if you make profit, let's say you spend $1,000, you have $2,000 account size, you spend $1,000 on some contracts, and this $1,000 has become, let's say $4,000. Okay.So, now what's going to happen is your account size has become $6,000. Correct? But you only have $1,000 more dollars to spend for the day, not more. Although your account size will reflect$6,000, you only have $1,000 more because originally you start with $2,000, you spend $1,000, which means you only have $1,000 more.Okay. We don't have same day settlement. So, for you guys, that's not the case.
If you get $6,000, now you have $6,000 to spend, which is amazing, right? So, just keep that in mind and take advantage of that. Okay. So, basically, whatever is your account size, you should tell yourself, I will invest 50% of it, which is $1,000.Whether you spend $1,000 in one trade or two or three trades, it depends on that day. Okay. But you're willing to spend $1,000.Okay. And you have to tell yourself, okay, I have a profit target and a loss target. My profit target is going to be 30% of what I spend, which is $300.My loss target is going to be 10% of what I spend, which is $100. So, the moment you hit these targets, typically you should walk away, right? Call it a day. Even if it's great, call it a day.Because you're starting off, you know, you need to practice and teach yourself to stay patient and keep your emotions under control and, you know, enjoy the profit or the loss target that you give yourself and then walk away, right? Okay. Eventually, you will evolve. You will absolutely evolve.Okay. Now, this is a very standard approach. Use it as a guidance, right? Not as a rule.So, you know, if you become very comfortable and, you know, a great 10-day, you know, you're making more money, you know, let's say you may find a $600. Good, right? If you're making$150 loss, you know, walk away. Just walk away, right? You took one trade.You spent $1,000. You took one trade and you made about, let's say, $200. Okay.And you got out of the trade. Now, my suggestion will be, all right, go ahead. Take another trade and try to make another $100, $200.Okay. So, you use your intelligence as well, you know, use your decision making too. So, these are your figures, right? So, this will help you consistently if you do this.Let's say, for 10 days or the 20 days, some 10 days you make a profit, some 10 days you make a loss. Okay. So, what's going to happen is, you made $3,000 in profit, you made $1,000 in loss.So, net profit is $2,000. You started with a $2,000 account size. Now, your account size has become $4,000.You've doubled your account size in a month, which is amazing. Now, that's not the only thing that's amazing. You have taken trades.You have seen profits. You have seen losses. You have learned about yourself.You've learned about the market. You've given yourself this experience and you have doubled your money, which is simply amazing. But you got to do this correctly.You should not become greedy. Now, right? The same thing, imagine you put $4,000 here. Look
at the numbers changing.It changes. You're investing $2,000, 30% of that is $600. Okay.So, yeah, these are all numbers, right? Numbers can be deceiving too. So now, when you're spending $1,000, how many contracts to take? Okay. Let's go to this.Let's say you're going to take puts here. Okay. So, Oma, there's a question for you. Okay. This is your first trade of the day. You're going to take puts.Okay. I'm going to ask you three questions. First question.Okay. If you're going to take puts, which strike price you will choose for September 13th? Which strike price you're going to choose? 520, 520 puts are going down, right? 522.5 or 520. Okay.522.5 or 520. Perfect. Okay.Now, compared to this, I would suggest because, okay, let's go with 522.5. Okay. Now, for 522.5, how many contracts are you going to buy? Now, each contract is only $28. Okay.So, how many contracts are you going to buy? Five. Five contracts. So, literally, what you've done is $28.You spent $140, right? So, what is 30% of $140? $42. And what is 10% of $140? $14. So, your profit target is $42.Your loss target is $14. That's your equation, right? Now, against $1,000, you only spent $140, which means you can take a lot more trade or a lot more contracts, right? Because that's your first trade. Five contracts only is pretty good, right? That's how you determine.Now, let me ask you another question. For September 20th, okay, September 20th, we're going to take calls. To begin with, which contract you'll choose? For calls? There is no specific strike price yet.So, how do I know which one to take? There is. What did I tell you? For calls, the dark blue, right? So, the strike price one or two below the dark blue for calls and the strike price one or two above the dark blue for puts. So, $525.It's meta, right? Let's go see where the price action is at. $525, right? So, if you go to the meta chart, where's the price action at? $524.3. Same area, $525 area, right? So, when you see this, you don't really need to even see the chart, okay? So, and look at, you know, 14 days later, expiry. Same way, still $525, $527.5. Zero day to expire, $525, $527.5. So, now for the 20th September, which one will you choose? $527.5. Okay.Now, $527.5, what's the contract price? $665. One contract is $665. So, how many contracts are you going to buy? Nothing, just one.
Okay. Mathematically speaking, against this number, you'll buy only one, $665. Okay.So, let's say $665. So, the numbers looks pretty impressive, right? 30% of that is $200 and you need to lose $665. But my suggestion will be, do not buy it.Until you gain experience winning and losing small numbers, do not buy a contract which is$665. So, basically, you know, if meta is trending, so in other words, I'll not trade meta. So, I'll move on.I'll go to, let's say, SPY. I'll look for SPY. Okay.What's going on? The same question here. 16th September, what strike price you'll choose? A call or put. For calls.Very good. Calls or puts. Calls. Yes. I'll take $562. $562 or $563.These two. Now, I'm going to give you the answer myself. Okay.If you're taking $562, take three contracts. If you're taking $563, take five contracts. Okay.That way, you're comfortable. Okay. You're not spending all the money in one contract, you know, one trade.You know, you can take SPY, later you can take QQQ. So, basically, you're willing to spend this$1,000 in a day in two or three contracts. Okay.Maybe cumulative or individually, you still hit this profit targets. Obviously, you want to hit the profit target. If you hit the loss target, walk away.You're done for the day. If you hit $100 loss, you're done for the day. Take it and walk away and learn from your mistakes.Come back the next day and you'll be able to make it up. Because what do we say? We said, you know, we said for 10 days, if you make profits, and for 10 days, you make loss, you still are making a profit. Right.Because of this variation. So, if you take a loss today, walk away. It'll only contribute to the$1,000.Next day, you can come back and make this profit. Right. So, that's how you manage your numbers and your risks.Okay. Any questions, guys? Ram, what do you take, you know, going back to that, you know, the next day contracts? What's the advantage I'm getting if I'm buying a contract for like September 20th or, you know, three days or four days? Why can't I buy it like on that particular day? Okay.
Two, three reasons.One is, first reason is a lot of experienced traders do what's called as a rollover. Okay. They will roll a contract based on the long-term momentum of a trader.And what I mean by that is this. Okay. Let me show you guys a good example.All right. Let's take a new video. What do you call this trend? Uptrend, downtrend or sideways? Sideways.Sideways. What is this trend? Upwards, downwards or sideways? That's up, you know, that's upwards and downwards both, right? It's going up now. It's going up.Overall for the day, is it an uptrend or a downtrend? The market opened here and the market closed here. Uptrend. Uptrend, yeah.Okay. What do you call this trend? Uptrend. Trend. Uptrend. Right. It's an uptrend.All these views in the five minutes. Let me shift it to one hour. What do you call this trend? Downtrend, uptrend.From here, it's an uptrend, right? Now, this view is 6th of September, right? Until 13th of September, there's only uptrend, right? From here, which is 28th of August, right? All the way here is a downtrend, an hourly, right? Now, I'm going higher. Let's go daily. That's an uptrend, right? From 6th of September, it's uptrend, right? Now, can we record this as a downtrend from 10th of July until 2nd of August? That's a downtrend? Yeah.Yeah. Now, if I go weekly and see, let's look for 10th of July. Okay, that's 8th of July, okay? To 5th of August, okay? Downtrend.From here, it's uptrend, okay? But look now, what do you call this? What do you call these two? Is it uptrend or downtrend? These two last two, this red and green, what do you call this? Uptrend or downtrend? Uptrend. Uptrend. Uptrend? Yeah.Just in two candles? I mean, if I'm comparing those two, the green is, you know, going up, right? Yeah. On a weekly basis, you'll still call it uptrend, but very mild. Compared to this or compared to this, this is barely an uptrend, right? Yeah.We are hoping the uptrend will continue or rather that's what we want. We want it to continue, right? That's what we would hope, but you know, you cannot place anything based on this. So, when people are swinging, okay? When they do swing trades or when they do option selling and things, other more complex strategies, right? They go at a higher time frame, okay? Now, on a weekly level, we are not able to determine actual trend.
The same time period, if you go on a daily trend, it's an uptrend, okay? The same thing when you go on an hourly level, yeah, sure it's an uptrend, okay? The same thing when you go to a five-minute chart, okay? It's sideways. You see what I'm saying? See, on a five-minute view from here, from yesterday, it's all sideways, right? Yeah. So, the reason why they have multiple strike price or multiple days of expiries, you know, first reason is to roll over contracts.You know, if you buy a contract on a zero-day expiry and if you feel almost towards the close of business, you know, the market is going to, let's say, let's go to SPY, okay? Or maybe not SPY. Okay, let's go to QQQ, okay? So, you feel, so the market is going to close in the next 45 minutes, right? So, another 15 minutes, sorry. So, you feel it's going to go up, okay? And now, here you go to QQQ.QQQ is zero-day expiry, right? Zero-day expiry, okay? Contracts are cheap. You buy it and what you can do is you can do what's called as a rollover, okay? So, you literally go here and you go buy a contract, okay? I just bought a contract, okay? And then what you do is you right-click here. Now, you go to portfolios and then you right-click here and then you can roll the contract, okay? When you roll the contract, you're rolling it to a future date, okay? So, 16th, okay? Now, I'll have to see, okay, for QQQ, I spent $18 buying this one contract, right? So, I'm going to roll over and say, okay, this makes sense.I bought a 476. All right, let's do this, the same rollover I'm going to do, okay? So, same one contract, I'm going to do a market and submit order, okay? And okay, order filled. So, what I've done is essentially I have rolled my contract over to the next closure because I strongly feel this is going to go up, okay? But I have a chance to buy right away from here, okay? Instead of buying this next day expiry, it will, as the momentum is going, it holds on to the premium and takes it to the next day.Whereas if I buy from the next expiry, only I start from there. Whereas if I buy from here, gather all the premium power and momentum, it rolls over, okay? That's one reason. Another reason is for swing trading, you need future expiry dates.And for other options strategy and other future strategy, you need future expiry dates. That's why they have so many expiration dates. Yeah.But for someone like me, Ram, I don't think I should be zero date, right? Okay. Correct. Correct. You don't have to worry about the futures here. I mean, future date expiry here. My bad.Sounds good. And Ram, whenever you have time, I think my question around charts, two minute, five minute, right? That's still pending. So, hopefully you can clarify that.Like, you know, how... Let's close this. I'll just close this, wait. I'll just close it the way it is.Yeah, I will, because you don't have trading permissions for the option strategy. Oh, wait. My bad.
Discord. Okay. Portfolio.Did we buy it on limit? No, I bought on market. Okay. So, position, market. This is QQQ, right? 476, 476. Get the hell out. Transmit.Autofilled. Done. So, how much money we made? We made $37. How? Because I lost money doing this. Okay. All right.That's paper anyway. So, okay. With this, any questions, guys? So far, any questions? No, thank you so much.Thank you. No worries. No worries.I have to leave for school runs now. What's that? I have to go for school runs now. Oh, okay.Sure. And Oma, you know, later when you become free, just ping me, okay? If we can find about 30, 45 minutes, you know, I'll again connect with you. We'll take care of your accounts, right? You know, your other accounts, margin accounts, we'll close it and set this up.Okay. Just feel free to ping me. All right. Okay. Thank you so much. Bye, everyone.No worries. No worries, man. I just have one question, Ram.You said like for Canada, for trading account, a settlement settlement like that day, like I have an account for $2,000 and if I buy options for $1,000 and if I sell it for like $1,200, so like $1,200, I still have to trade for that day? Yes, you have $3,200 for the day. For $3,200, so it adds up to the whole account? Correct. Okay.So, you want to keep hitting the profits. So, your spend power increases. Okay. Got it. Cool. Yeah.So, Krishna, do you have a question? Again, what was it? Ask your question. Yeah. So, it was about, you know, how my understanding of looks like the 2-minute, 5-minute and 1-hour chart was not accurate, you said, right? I mean, I thought, you know, it's basically, I remember I was asking for the first 30 minutes and then Yes.Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. All right. Got it. Got it. Okay.So, let's take, you know, I'm going to get rid of all this for now. Okay. So, I'll show you.Okay. All right. See, I don't want, you know what, I can actually, I might have some notes
somewhere.That's why I'm just using one by one. Otherwise, I'll just go and move the drawing. So, all right.Let us go to the replay mode and let's go to the start of the day. Yeah. We are in a 5-minute chart.Okay. Okay. We are in a 5-minute chart.Okay. Okay. You have the first candle in 5 minutes, right? Yeah. Uptrend or downtrend? I don't know. 5 minutes. Yeah.I don't think it's any trend, right? I can't see. You can't see. Yeah. Let's go to 2 minutes. Uptrend or downtrend? Uptrend. Uptrend.I didn't even open a single candle yet. We just had one candle in the 5 minutes. You're not able to determine the trend.If you go down to 2 minutes, now you've got 3 candles. It's a clear uptrend, right? We go to 10 minutes. We're not even 10 minutes in the market.So, again, you cannot say whether it's uptrend or downtrend. It's a bearish candle. You cannot say if it's uptrend or downtrend, right? Now, here, all right, there is potential uptrend.So, multiple things are going to come up here, okay, in the 2-minute chart, as soon as market opens. Market opens. My 200 EMAs here.The second candle is a pretty, excuse me, bullish candle. All my EMAs are below the candle close. EMAs below the candle close.I have both these EMA confluence. Everything is showing me signs, including this third candle. It's also a bearish candle.It's going upwards, approaching the pre-market high. So, at this stage, I wanted to cross the pre-market high, retest the pre-market high, so I can get into a calls trade, okay? Now, in a span of 5 minutes, I'm able to think through so many items for a 2-minute chart. In the same performance, in a 5-minute chart, the only thing that I know is I have my EMAs here, my 200 EMAs here at the bottom, okay? So, potentially, you know, I'm not going to take any puts trade, but I'm going to wait to see how this turns out.So, if I wait for another 5 minutes, will you call this as an uptrend or a downtrend? Call it an uptrend, based on that little candle there. Yeah, but is it a sounding uptrend? It can be an uptrend? Yeah, it could be. Maybe it can reverse? Yeah, yeah.Now, you go to the 2 minutes. What is this? It's a pullback, right? Or a sideway, whatever the
bearish... It's not a pullback. It's a nice volume candle, okay? The sellers are trying to fight to go down, but they are not winning the fight simply because you have the EMAs here, this previous candle, look at this wick.This wick means there are so many buyers pushing the price up, but the sellers didn't give. They're trying to fight back, right? Now, there is a potential for you to have a pullback if the sellers become stronger, there'll be a pullback, which is going to give you an entry, right? So, you're able to get more analysis. But what has happened literally? You only spent 10 minutes in the market, whereas here it's indecisive, whereas there, there's so much data coming up.Now, what do you call this? In 15 minutes, what have you found out? Uptrend. Uptrend. So, you know, confirmed uptrend.Now, can you take a trade? No. No. The good thing is it's an uptrend.Number two, it broke the pre-market high. Number three, potentially you wanted to retest so you can get into a call straight. Now, let's see the two-minute chart.Okay, the sellers came here the same 15 minutes. The sellers came here, but the buyers didn't give in. They came up.They continued to push. Now, this EMA is beginning to support you, right? And what you did was you broke the pre-market high and you came in for a retest. You're potentially going to go up.So, now you're loading your calls contract and waiting to see what happens next. Is that not, Ravi, the patient scandal there? The first green, that one? Yeah, would you? Absolutely. I'm coming to that.Good catch. Okay. Okay.No, that's a very good catch. Okay. That's a very good catch.But, you know, since I was going with this free market, I think I did not want to break that concept and come back to the patient scandal. Okay. But I'll come back to that.That is the patient scandal. And at this stage, we would have made an entry, actually. Okay.Now, back to the five-minute chart, broke, retest. Now, when it's out, you're making an entry, right? Probably at this stage, you know, let me put a line. I mean, this is not LTP.Okay. We're looking at another, you know, just you're breaking the pre-market high and entering. Okay.So, because there's no patient scandal here in the finance. So, as per LTP, there's no entry here. Okay.
So, uptrend, pre-market broke, it retested. You still have not made an entry. 20 minutes in, although you have all the signs, you've not made an entry.Two-minute chart, what has happened is, at this stage, let's say our profit target, I'm going to keep a profit target of 1.2. Okay. All right. Here.Okay. As per LTP, in about 20 minutes, in about 10 minutes, a patient scandal is formed. The following candle broke the high of the patient scandal, and let's assume Bidzen has held.You made an entry. Not only that you made an entry, you made a profit, right? Which is one is to two ratio. So, which means you're willing to lose 30 cents and you're willing to make 60 cents.So, for every dollar that you spend, you made 60 cents. That's what this long means. So, here you would have exited at least half your positions, right? In the five minutes, you've not even made an entry yet.Okay. Why do we need to do this two minutes? If two minutes is such a success story, why are we doing two minutes only for the first 30 minutes? Because when the market opens, you barely have any data. In the two-minute chart, you have... So, if you spend 10 minutes, okay, after market opens, in a five-minute chart, there are only two candles.You're not able to decide what's going on yet. Whereas in a two-minute chart, there are five candles. It gives you a clear decision.It gives you a clear entry, or it gives you a clear instruction what not to do or what to do. Correct? Yes. All right.Now, in one hour, in a span of one hour, if you follow two-minute chart, you're going to have 30 candles, right? Now, that information is diluted. It's just getting diluted. Okay.After a point in time, your momentum picks up at a sub pace, right? What Somesh has come up based on his backtestings, in 30 minutes, you're going to have 15 candles, two-minute candles, right? And then, you shifted to five minutes because the momentum has shifted and there is more calmness in the market. And you can shift to the five-minute chart. Now, somebody can argue and say, why only first 30 minutes? Why not 45 minutes? Why not one hour? You know what? It can be any time.30 minutes is not the magic number. Okay. 30 minutes is based on Somesh's backtesting.All right. Now, if you're going to backtest this and say, hey, you know what? I like to trade first one hour using a two-minute chart. Absolutely.You know, it should be based on a certain result. If your backtesting is going to be... if your backtesting is going to indicate 45 minutes or one hour or two hours, follow that. Okay.Right now, none of us have backtested it, but we took the crumb that he gave us and we're
using that. The first 30 minutes, we're following two minutes. And the next one hour, you're watching five minutes, and then we shift into 10 minutes.Now, based on that, then we can ask this question, wait, will Somesh's backtesting work for us? How is that successful? We'll see his result. It is successful. It's working.And he's there in the live. He's telling us what to do. He's guiding us what to do rather.He's telling us how to fish and he's also guiding us while fishing. I mean, how... It can't get better than that. Right? Yep.That's why two minutes and five minutes and 10 minutes. Now, I personally don't stay in the market for the 10-minute chart movement. Okay.And I just don't like to trade 10 minutes, honestly, because... Okay. The market is still open, right? Market is still open. Now, that's an uptrend.Patience candle. Okay. Patience candle. Stop loss. Let's say profit target. Okay.Now, good. So, let's say it went up and I'm making a little bit of money and then it dips back into the red zone. Now, I got to wait for this entire 10 minutes to even know whether I'm in the game or I'm going to get out of the game.And then this comes, boom. So, I mean, it's again me. Okay.What I would do is I would 100% exit all my positions here. The moment it's all going, I'll let my steam out. You know what? I'm out.Okay. I would not give myself the opportunity to follow negative risk management. Okay.I would get out. Now, in this example, getting out at this point is probably the smart thing to do, but I won't know at that point in time to get out here because I won't know the market's going to reverse. I just won't know.Right? So, I trade for the first one or one and a half hours. I don't trade beyond that. See, I also, see, apart from, so trading is one thing that I do and I'm also an insurance advisor and, you know, help with retirement and wealth management.So, after the first two hours, I become busy with that work. Okay. So, one, one and a half hour stops.That's it. And then I'm out. Cool, Ram.No, this makes a lot of sense. Thank you. Any other questions, guys? I have one, Ram.
First of all, thank you so much for, you know, these videos. I had to drop. I rejoined. You're still going. So, really appreciate. No worries.How do we add this shortcut below on trading view, which is like for the horizontal ray and all those, the shortcuts that you have at the bottom? Cool. You're in front of your trading view? Yeah. All right.Go ahead and you want to share it. I can still quickly tell you how to do it. It's easy that way. Yeah. All right. Did I share that video from yesterday with you? I did, I guess.Let me check. I think you'll have to stop. I don't know. Oh, yeah. I'll stop sharing. My bad.There you go. I stopped sharing. You can share now. All right. So, the one that you had. All right.Fair enough. So, on the left-hand side where you see buy and sell, right? Buy and sell on the left, left top corner. All right.Yeah. And okay. Now that is all your toolbar.Okay. Where you see on the left, all that is a toolbar. Okay.So, let's go from the top. Okay. The one with the plus sign, that's number, menu number one. Okay. So, let's go to menu number two. Okay.Hit that right arrow mark. All right. Click the star next to trend line. The first one, trend line. And then horizontal line. And horizontal ray.All right. Now, we're going to go to menu number three and hit fib retracement, the first one. And we're going to go to menu number five, long position, short position.Okay. And you go to menu number seven. Yeah. The text. Yep. Click that arrow.Are you stuck? Couldn't breathe you there. All right. Sorry.So, you can hit the, what's the, no, the call out. You don't need the text. Uncheck the text. Yeah. Call out. All right.So, now your toolbars come there, right? So, just drag that toolbar all the way next to the
trading panel. Let it sit there. That's it.So, it's readily available for you. All right, man. Great.Thank you. No worries, man. All these, the custom, like, text that you have, you do it using call out? Call out, yeah.Like, pre-market high and previous day high. No, no, that's okay. Okay.All right. That's an indicator. So, do the drop down on that number eight on your indicators. Let's see. Well, you have, you have volume, you have ORB. All right.You have, do you use the Ripster cloud at all? I mean, at this point, I'm just a beginner, but considering my work schedule, I'm pretty much inclined towards Ripster, but I mean, for now, maybe if we can hide it or something. Yeah. Yeah.And then maybe. I don't, I don't use the Ripster. Because you don't create afternoon hours, right? Afternoon, yeah.Okay. So, go to the indicator and type prior day, two words. F, R? No, prior, P, P. Prior day. Okay. Prior day. All right.The first one, the first one, prior day and pre-market high. All right. Click that. All right. And let's go to the settings. I'll help you with the settings.Oh, right. Last one. Last one. Yeah. Go to settings. All right.So, inputs, and you can go ahead and uncheck current high, current low at the bottom. Yeah. You can uncheck those.Scroll down. Again, uncheck current high, current low. Again, scroll down.Again, uncheck current high, current low. All right. Scroll down all the way, please. Yeah. You're good. Okay.That's it. Good. That's it.Okay. There you go. Pre-market low, prior day high.Okay. So, for the pre-market high and pre-market low, when we do the levels, you know, before this indicator, I would use the yellow lines, but now I don't use the yellow lines because the pre- market high, pre-market low is going to be there. So, I use that as a level itself.
Okay. And of course, same with the prior day high and prior day low. I use that as a level itself.Yeah. So, pre-market low and pre-market high are usually when we draw our levels, right? Before market opens, right? Yeah. Yeah.Okay. Yeah. So, by this, you're by default getting it.Yeah. So, and if I, in case I have to use, I can still use Ripster. I will probably have to hide one or the other, right? At a time, I think we can use maximum eight.Wait, how many? Yeah. It depends on the, what you have. Yeah.I think that again, I'm on a free trial currently for the premium one, I think. Then, okay. I guess I get eight.So, wait, you guys probably wait for, oh man. Okay. Wait for Thanksgiving.They usually come out with 60, 70% off. Okay. You can take a monthly, if you want.For now, we'll get the basic monthly and then upgrade to the... Right now, they're giving like 60. I think the maximum they give is like 70 on something like Thanksgiving or monthly. I think it's still going to cost like, I don't know, 50, 60 bucks, 50, I think.I'm in Canada. So, I think it's $50. And I guess it, I think here in Canada, Thanksgiving is, I think, mid of October.So, yeah, maybe. Oh, mid of October? Seriously? Yeah. Here, they have it different from US. Okay. Nice, man. That's... Yeah.Thanksgiving is different. Yeah. Okay.I think so. That's what I'm not... I think the Thanksgiving holiday is 14th October. That's interesting.I did not know that. Yeah. Yeah.In US, I think Thanksgiving is different. Yeah. Yeah.Other holidays we share, right? I'm in Hamilton, Ontario. I stay in Hamilton, but I have a job in Toronto. Cool.Yeah. Because most of the... See, I think Deepak Parth, they're from Canada as well. So... Yeah.I think recently a lot of people joined. So, I think Somesh is giving advertisements for maybe in US, Canada. So, the algorithm works that way.So, people in US, Canada are getting videos, I think, suggestions and all. That's the reason, I
think. Because anyway, this is like most... You're breaking up a little bit, man. Yeah. Go on. Ram, can I share my screen and... Oh, sorry.In US, Canada, this is the same as the market opens, right? So, I'm always on a call at night. That was my biggest, biggest problem, man. Thank you so much.Always, man. Thanks. Now, please go ahead.For the work schedule, I'm struggling a lot. I mean, how do I get past that? No. Get past that is... See, it was always bothering me, right? Last June, just a couple of months back, I quit.So, I spent first two hours into trading, right? And then I spent about another six hours. I mean, today is an exception. Even when I was working, Friday used to be pretty easy for me.I'll not work on Fridays, all right? So, I think the habit is continuing. Probably, I'll have to break that. So, the remaining six hours or something, what I do is I'm an insurance advisor and a wealth advisor.So, I spend time on that gig and I get meetings and a lot of those things. So, I spend about six hours, sometimes seven hours. And I also have another small consulting thing that's going on.So, I focus a little bit of work on that. That's where it is. See, otherwise, your regular work is going to your meetings.You cannot say, hey, I got a trade. I've invested. So, I can't get onto this call.You can't do that. And the thing is you can't be 100% on that too because you know real money is sitting here. So, you really have to make that decision, right? Yeah.Yeah. I'm trying to get kind of comfortable with maybe Rift Circle Cloud because that's the one you don't kind of recommend for afternoon hours because the morning time till nine to one is pretty busy. So, maybe after one, I can, yeah, that's what I'll try to back test and see if it's for me.Yeah. Thank you. No worries, man.Thank you. Yeah. Krishna, you had a question? Yeah.I was saying, can I share my screen? Go ahead. Go ahead. Okay. Okay. So, here, right, where did this go? This guy here. Okay.So, you said you used the long position, right, to see. So, if I, let's say, you know, if I have to just randomly pick right here. So, I click that, I do this, right? Is this what you were doing, Ram? And you kind of adjust, right? So, basically, you are adjusting.
So, I mean, this is a bad example, but let's say, you know, I enter here and I want to put a stop loss here, right? Is that, am I doing this correctly? Where did I adjust it? See, that's your, the green is take profit. The green is, you mean, okay, this is profit, right? And red is the stop loss, right? So, the middle line is your entry, right? Your middle line is the entry. Anything below the middle line is loss until you hit the target.And anything above the middle line is your profit until you hit the target. Okay. So, this, you probably are setting to the level, right? Wherever is the level, right? Let's say, this is the level.Correct. And this is the loss. So, how do I read it, Ram, again? So, here, what it means is you're doing 1 is to 0.66, which means you are willing to spend 90 cents to make 59 cents, which does not make sense, right? See, if you spend a dollar, you're willing to lose 90 cents to the dollar, right? Or if you're willing to make a profit, you're only willing to make 59 cents in profit, okay? So, you don't want something like that.That's why when you do patient scandals, right? You don't want a patient scandal, which is... Big, with a long look. Okay. Got it.Oh, so, basically, I can just look at this target 0.59 and this is basically telling me... Okay. Awesome. Awesome, Ram.And then the middle, you see risk to reward ratio in the middle. It says 0.66. So, 1 is to 0.66. You know, it doesn't make sense. You want to keep at least 1 is to 2, 1 is to 3. Yeah.Yeah. Yeah. Got it.Got it, Ram. And Ram, one other thing was yesterday, remember, we were not able to place the order? Yep. Yep.I haven't checked it, but is this a good time? We can maybe... Go for it. Go for it. Okay.So, I was in the paper trade. But I haven't done all the settings to market. I was just doing it while talking.But should I switch to that other account, the actual account? Can we try it here? Let's try it here. Wait, what's going on here? No, no. I was setting it, Ram.So, I haven't finished. Oh. Something is missing here. Hold on. Something is missing. Wait a minute.What is missing? Option chains, is it? All right. Cool. So, I see what's missing.All right. First and foremost, on the options chain, right? On the options chain, which is the left- hand side. Okay.Right. So, yeah. Okay.
Don't click. Hear me out. Okay.Strike price is there. Okay. On the puts section, from the strike, the first column, which says OPTN, the options, open interest.Right-click that and discard. You don't need it. Delete option, open, insert third one from the top.Yeah. Okay. Good.You get a little bit more real estate. Okay. Now, go to the new window, top left corner. Okay. New window and hit... Portfolio. Portfolio.Yeah. Portfolio. Now, bring that portfolio to the bottom.Okay. And why aren't we seeing trades in here? So, can you hit the plus next to the portfolio, please? Yeah. Okay.Interesting. Why is that not coming up? So, we need the trades. Okay.So, let's do a little bit more changes. Okay. So, go to the settings on the options chain. Okay. Yeah. That's settings.Yeah. Settings. Option chains. No, no. Yeah. Under option. Yeah. That one. Yeah.Okay. Okay. You have description volume, mid bid and delta. Okay. All right. So, you see trade columns.So, this is good. Okay. So, go to the trade columns. No, no. You don't have to. Oh, I need to.Sorry. I need to do that. Go to settings.Trade columns. You have filled on financial instrument, price, quantity, commission, action. All right.That's fine too. Go to the quote panel, please. Quote, quote panel.Where's the quote panel here? Fair share, bid size, last position. Okay. Hard keys, buttons. All right. Option chains. Trade columns we selected.
All right. All right. Come out of this.This is fine. Come out of this. Let's go to the portfolio. All right. My bad. Go back to settings.Same settings. Yeah. Same settings. Yeah. All right. Portfolio.Under options trader, there's portfolio. Right. I missed that.Okay. So, you see unrealized P&L percentage. Click that and remove it. All right. On the right-hand side, all right. Realized P&L.Click that and then add it. All right. So, what this gives you is the actual value and not the percentage.Okay. And you can move that. Probably, you can move.You put it next to cost basis, I think. Maybe soon after the position. Yeah, right there. Right there. Okay. You can apply it and hit okay.All right. Now, we need, yeah, you can just fill that up. I'm trying to see.Okay. There, can you hit that plus, please? Here or at the portfolio? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That plus. That plus.I want to see if I can get the portfolio. Now, I can get the portfolio. So, I'm just, I'm trying to see instead of having two windows, we can just have one window.Right. Give me a sec. Let me just refer to something here. Okay. Your order entry is there. Activity yours.And can you go to the new window and open. Where are your orders? Order window. All right. Order. Can you click that, please? The first one, order. And can you hit the plus in there? Okay. All right. Close this up. We don't need this.All right. Close this out. Now, go back to the settings.So, you can lock your setup here. You can just lock this and save your changes. Okay. Save changes. Now, go to your settings. Yeah.
There. Go to the hotkeys. Okay.We're going to delete a few things here. Okay. Delete rows. Yeah. Delete that. Insert row.Delete that. Hotkey pop-up. Delete that. All right. So, buy limit. All right.Click that on configure. Customize. Change that to market. Yeah. Market. MKT.All right. Uncheck the trade. Yeah. Transmit and check it again. Yes. Okay.Same thing with the sell limit. Change that to configure. Now, we do customize. Change that to market. Uncheck transmit. Check it.Yes. Okay. Apply.Okay. All right. So, now, let's go to spy.Okay. Try to buy 562.5. Okay. We're buying calls. Okay. Click that and then use your hotkey. Okay. Bravo. Oh, you already bought it. I bought it.I did shift one. Interesting. This is interesting.So, for you, it's not giving. Did you attempt to do this before? I did. I did. So, there was something, right? The minus one. Yeah. Okay.So, you have. Okay. You've got Tesla going on.All right. Cool. So, you have unchecked that option because for you, the hotkey is truly working as hotkey.The moment you do shift one, you end up buying. Okay. Which is not good, right? No. Not now. So, that's okay. So, hit sell on order entry.Hit sell. Order entry. Sell. You do this. Sell. Okay.
Okay. You can close that. Don't display this message again and close that. Okay. Now, change that to market. All right.Close it. Submit. Post trading time has passed. No, it has not. What the heck? No. Wait a minute.What's going on? Is that 12 September? Hey, wait a minute. Why do you have a contract from yesterday, man? Okay. Close this out.All right. That's fine. That's fine.So, go to. Okay. So, this is cool, guys.You know, this is for everybody. Okay. Now, how do I go pick the contract from today? Two ways.Okay. Before you click anything. Okay.Christian, before you click anything. The first one is, if you click. Don't click it, but hear me out.Okay. Now, below the order entry, you see SPY September 13, 24 buys one. You know, you see below that, below, below.The window below. Yeah. Okay.Now, if you click that, it'll automatically load. Okay. That's one way.The second way is, on the option chains. Okay. In that side, we are on orders, right? Next to orders is logs, trades, portfolio, right? Hit that portfolio.Now, under SPY, you have one position. So, you can right click that position and sell. Here from here.Okay. Yep. Okay.So, when you hit sell, look what happened to your order entry. It changed, right? Yeah. So, now you go, wait, before you do anything, you see on the left-hand side itself, your order is getting loaded, right? You see the limit price is at 0.10. All right.Just click that. The moment you click that, see how your order entry changed to red, right? So, now the moment you click that, you're activating it, right? So, you come to the right-hand side and click that order entry. Here.Okay. Now, you can do that. Don't display this message again and close it. Okay. Okay. You don't want that.
Okay. Close it. Now, change it back to market order.You're on limit order. Change it to market order. Can I not do it here? Is it? You can.You can, but you can't. See, now this is one of cases where we are trying to find it and come, right? But ideally, when you do it correctly, what's going to happen is you can directly move from here. Okay.And we'll try that out as well. Okay. So, I'm closing this then, right? How does this? Yeah, you can hit market.If you want to hit market, then you can hit market. Just go ahead. So, there you go. It changes. Okay. Now, hit submit.Done. You sold that position. Now, let's go save you from your Tesla. Okay. Go to your Tesla tab. Again, go to portfolio.Scroll. Yeah. Just slightly change.All right. You know, right click that. Sell.All right. Change that to hit that. Oh, sorry.So, it's either way, right? I can either do it here or here or no? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Multiple places, but you want to go to order entry and submit. Get to the... Oh, man. Your market is closed, man.Go quickly submit. Submit. Submit. Submit. Submit. Oh, gosh.So, what will happen if it just stays here, Ram? It's a zero date. It's expired. That contract's expired.Okay. Okay. Okay.But guess what? It expired with a profit. Well, wait a minute. Why do you have unrealized still? You have unrealized $44.Where is it sitting from? Anyway. All right. You can go and discard this.Okay. Right click that Tesla order and discard it on the left-hand side. Discard. Okay. So, that's what you do. Okay.So, Krishna, this is another classic, right? So, you can play around, make these different
mistakes and whatnot. Oh, look at that. Tesla.Now, it's negative 136. You've got another Tesla positions sitting somewhere. What position is that? September 13th, 240.All right. Go click that. Here? Yeah.232.5. You don't have... Okay. That's a goner, man. Okay.Don't worry about it. It'll get wiped out. Okay.You can't do anything now. So, when the contract expires, Ram? So, it's basically, it's expiring. Whatever it is, it just calculates and that is what it takes into account, right? Okay.Correct. Okay. So, if I forget, let's say, whatever happens end of the day, that is what is the outcome, right? It's done.See, it's like having a coupon. I'm giving you a 50% discount coupon. Today's the last date, right? The product price is $100.Today, if you come and use the coupon, you only pay $50. Now, for whatever reason, you're coming in tomorrow, how much are you going to pay? The actual price. Yeah.That's it. Okay. Okay.That's good. Okay. But then, Ram, so what's happening with my, you know, where, you know, I want to select and then, you know, so I think the way you showed, right, it sits here, right? It needs to sit there, right? Okay.So, let us try to, so some, okay, let us try and buy one contract. Okay. Let's try some puts contract.Let's see. You click that P somewhere. Okay.And go to the ask price. Move your mouse and go to the ask price and hit buy. Yeah. Hit buy. Click. Click.Double? No, just one click. No, it's not doing anything. Oh, no. Wait, man. It's the aftermarket. It's aftermarket.It won't allow you to do it. My bad. Okay. Okay. So, let's, let's try it on Monday. Okay.Maybe later on Monday. Let's try it. So, what we need to do is we need to go find out a way to uncheck what you checked.
Okay. So, when you uncheck it, what it'll do is it'll load the contract. It will not execute it. It'll load the contract. Then you will have the power to execute it. Got it.Got it. Okay. Now, on the right-hand side, you see summary, you're on summary, right? Move it to trades.Right-hand side. No, not that. Below order entry. Sorry. So, order entry here. Okay.Yeah. Yeah. Trades.Yeah. And keep it orders. All right.This is where you want to be because, see, it tells you what you have done, what orders you've taken, and what quantity and what is the fill price. You want to stay here. So, it gives you a nice visual representation of things.Yep. Yep. But ideally, Ram, when you, when you see something, right, when you, when you see something where you want to jump in, right? So, you said yesterday you load it here, and then let's say you have multiple here, right? So, I'm thinking the other way, can you also select it from here? I'm thinking the drop-down here.No. No. No.The drop-down is a history of what you've done. It's not a default availability. I see.I see. So, I still, I have to basically take action here for it to come here and then submit, right? So, that's how I, you know, that's, that's, okay. Got it.Cool. Cool, Ram. So, yeah, Monday I can ping you from, you know, after your trade is done, maybe five minutes, we can see if we can fix this.Makes sense. Makes sense. Let's do that.Okay. Okay. Anybody else, any other questions, guys? All right.Gunpreet, yeah, go ahead. Ram, so, from what I have maybe understood so far is like, for example, we buy calls and then we sell those calls, right? And similarly for puts also, we buy puts and we sell them later, right? So, in options, I think there is another option also, right? We can sell calls also and sell puts also. Is it something that Sumesh, I mean, covers or not? So, we, so, that's, that's truly the shorting the market, okay? So, two things you need.Number one, you need to have a margin account, okay? You can't do that with cash account. You need to have a margin account. What's that? It's a connection loss.
Something in the network, I think the trader workstation, market connection loss. Market data connection re-established. Sorry.Yeah. Trading connection. Okay.So, just answer to your question, Gunpreet, is, you know, to short the market, literally you can go sell puts, okay? And then when your puts are getting, when the price action is getting to your target area, you can go buy it back, okay? You can do that. But in order to do that, you need to have a margin account to begin with and it's a little advanced strategy. So, we don't cover that.We don't do that. Sorry about that, guys. So, yeah, we don't do that.See, we are day traders, right? So, we don't short along the market. We just, right? Yeah. We just buy calls and sell calls, buy puts.Yep. You want to stop barking? Come on. Come here. Thank you. Thank you. No worries, man.Cool. Anybody else, any other questions? Okay. So, if no more questions, I will stop the recording and I'll send this out.I think I have pretty much everybody's email address, so I'll send it to everybody. And yeah, try it out. If anything else that you need to look, cover, or wait for market data, or one more time, go ahead and do this IBKR execution.Yeah, let's do that. All right. And we'll see how it goes.All right, Ram. Thank you again and you have a good week. No worries, man. Thanks. Thanks, guys. You guys have a good weekend.Yep. Thank you, Ram. Thank you.Bye, everyone. Can you also send me the first video on my email? Wait. I haven't put my email address, but I'm just putting it right now into this call.Okay, cool. Go ahead and do it. I'll do it right now. Perfect. Perfect. Okay.Thanks, man. Where is it? That was, wait, that was part, right? Yeah. Okay.Yeah. Yep. This one will probably take a few minutes before it converts into an MP4, I guess. And I'll send this out too. Okay. All right, guys, you have a good one.
And Partha, as soon as I get it, I'll send it out to you. I'll send you everything. All right. No worries. Thanks. Thanks, Ram.Cool. Thanks, guys. Bye. Thank you very much.
ctmrm9r3cpjs72qhr3ogI just started the recording. Okay, so maybe you can repeat what you were just saying. Okay, good.See, now I should be glad you mentioned, reminded me to record right now. I'm not after 10, 15 minutes in. Okay, so what I mean is this, okay? To choose the contract, what you see on your option chains, everything that's dark blue on the premium side, okay, where you see volume, bid, mid, ask, and delta.Now, that's the premium, right? Everything that's dark blue, they are in the money, okay? For puts, it is 427.5, 430, 432.5, and 435. They're all in the money. And for calls, it'll be 425, 422.5, 420, and 417.5. They are in the money.And for you to choose the strike price, since we're starting off, you get to choose one, two, or maybe up to three strike prices, which are immediately outside of the blue area. Now, for puts, it'd be 425, 422.5, and 420. They are at the money.And everything else should be considered as out of the money, and we don't want to trade out of the money. And for calls, it will be 427.5, 430, and 432.5, right? Now, this is good, but if you go to Amazon, probably that'd be a better example. Man, even Amazon contracts.Why are your contracts expensive? Let's include SPY. Let's look at SPY. That'll be the best example.Okay, so today's date, it's expired. Let's look at October 29th, right? October 29th, you see in- the-money contracts, right? For SPY, what would you say are in-the-money for puts? So in-the- money, it would be 582, 83, 84? Yeah, including 581. 581 as well, okay.So now if you have to choose to trade SPY for puts, you'd ideally choose 580 or 579, okay? Now, maybe you can include 578 as well, okay? If you choose anything outside of that, if you go to 577, that contract's not going to pay you, okay? Because we don't see the delta right now because it's after hours, but the delta for the contract will be absolutely nothing, right? So your contract's not going to move, okay? Delta is what determines how much money you're going to make for every dollar move of the ticker, okay? So same with calls, right? So when you go to calls, what would you consider for at-the-money? So for calls at-the-money, it will be 581, right? Yeah, 581 and 582. Yeah. Right? Now, if you go, let's say you buy 584 calls, now you're going to spend $40 a contract, okay? Now, you go buy 10 contracts.It gives you the ability to buy 10 contracts, okay? So in your goal list, if one of your goals is, you know, get to buying 10 contracts, and if you go buy 10 contracts of 584 calls, you can put a checkmark there. You only spent $400, okay? The delta for that's going to be so bad, you would barely make any money, okay? You would make less money buying those 584 calls as against buying three contracts of 581 calls. You spend about $154 per contract, so three contracts will
be $450 approximately, right? The same, almost the same ballpark value, but those three contracts will pay you a lot more than these 10 contracts because the delta will be pretty poor, okay? Make sense? A little bit.Okay. I think I'm just going to have to re-watch it and, you know, let it sink in. Okay.Now, let's go to Microsoft and I'll give you an example using Microsoft, okay, because we saw the delta there. I mean, okay, let's talk about calls, okay? What would you consider as at the money for Microsoft? $427.5 for calls and puts $425. Bravo.And you can go one or two, okay? Yeah. The thing is, let's talk about $427.5. If you buy one contract, that's $1,000, okay? Sorry, how do you determine how much it is? Sorry. So you see the ask price, which is $10? No, no, not that, not that.So, okay, you see, we're going to stay in that line, yeah, that $10, okay? So that is the ask price. So when you, I want to quickly check. All right, so this is good.Since it's a live account, please do not click submit, okay? But let's kind of do a little simulation, okay? But please do not hit submit. It should not submit. It's after hours, but we'll try, okay? Did you ever set up hotkeys? I did.So I do have that check submit instance. Oh, yeah, okay. So we'll not do it then. Thanks for telling me that we won't do it. I mean, it won't go through. It's after hours.But the thing is, I don't want to kind of test it out for $1,000, you know? The other day, I was talking to a couple of other guys, and I'm telling you, hey, it should not do. And we did, and it kind of, you know, we bought a market order. And I said, you know, if you buy a market order, you cannot set it on the limit.And we tried to sell it, and it sold. Oh, my goodness, yeah. How many times I would have struggled with that? So, yeah, let's not try that.Okay, so point is this. Whatever numbers that you see on the premium, right, what this means is one contract, okay, it has 100 shares sitting inside the one contract, okay? Now, you're not paying the value for 100 shares, okay? You are paying a value set up for that one contract, okay? So the value of that contract is $1,000, okay? So they'll say one contract is $10. So since it has 1,000 inside, since it has 100 inside, you multiply it by 100.So it says $10, so you multiply that by 100. So that's $1,000. That's one contract, okay? So what this means is when you buy this contract, and you're waiting for calls, so you want it to go up.If it goes up, you see the delta, which is 0.501? No, not that delta. The delta on the call side, yes, that delta. So that's 0.501. You multiply that by 100 as well.So that is 50.1. Let's say $50, okay? For every $1 move Microsoft makes to the upside, you're
going to be making $50, okay? So you spend $1,000, and you're making $50 for every $1 move. That's a 5% move, okay? That's a 5% gain, okay? Now the question is how does Microsoft move? Does it move quickly or does it move slowly? Obviously, it moves quickly. It's expensive.It moves quickly, right? So it'll easily make like $3 move, okay? So now I'm not going to talk about the momentum, the underlying momentum. We'll just keep it flat for understanding, right? So if it makes a $3 move, you're going to make $150. Now you spend $1,000.You spend $1,000, and a $3 move is good enough, right? So you'll be making $150. That's 15%. Now the question is if you bought 10 contracts, that's $1,500, okay? But 10 contracts is worth$10,000, okay? So the question is, wait, do you want to really trade Microsoft? I mean these are very expensive, and today's anomaly I believe is super expensive, okay? So usually I stay away from Microsoft, and I also stay away from Meta, all right? It's expensive.So for small accounts, because I do have a small account, and it's obviously like I'm just starting, so I am anticipating making mistakes, which stocks do you recommend? SPY, QQQ, AMD, Amazon, that's it. If you find trades in these four tickers, go for it, okay? What about Google? All right, open Google here. Okay, so where does it go? The problem with Google is they have a bigger spread, and I'll tell you what it means.Which one is it? It's this one, right? Yeah, that one. Shift, enter. All right, cool.So now let's take a random day, a strike price. Let's say 170 calls, okay? Now 170 calls, you're spending $515, okay? The moment you buy, the value of the contract is only going to be $505. You're already $10 behind, because the spread between the bid and ask, in this case, is $10, okay? The moment you buy, all right.So I would get into Google when it's a super trendy day, has massive momentum, then these $5 does not matter. It'll just keep going, okay? So literally what's happening, you buy and you fall$10. Now you have to catch up $10, that move.So if it moves by one dissection, you're going to make 47 bucks, okay? Let's round it off to $50, okay? Now for you to catch up $10, it needs to make 20% move, which means it needs to go up by, let's say, 20, 25 cents. Then you break even, right? So literally a dollar move is not going to fetch you, or at least in the first dollar, it's going to fetch you about the first 25 cents and it's going to be a break even, and then it's going to give you 75% of that $47, right? So that's a problem with stocks that has a bigger spread, okay? And I'm not a big fan of this big spread at all. See, now it keeps changing.The spread is not a constant, okay? It keeps changing, okay? And I know V trades, all those fancy names, you know, COIN and PLTR, and those stocks have $30 spread, okay? And people still trade and make money, okay? I personally am not comfortable. So if you have a small account and if you want to grow, my focus is going to be those four stocks, SPY, QQQ, AMD, Amazon, okay? I mean, you keep getting, you know, taking trades there. On trendy days, on
trendy days only, I will engage in Tesla and Apple, okay? NVIDIA and Mera, I stay away until I grow.Once I grow my account significantly, then it's okay. I'll entertain, okay? Now think about it, right? Now, if you want to get into stocks like Google, you need to do a lot of backtesting and figure out how it's moving, right? See, off late, if you see Google, sure, it was hovering on the$140 mark, okay? Especially after the stock split. And then now it's hovering on the $165 mark, okay? Now, is it giving you a super esteem? It's not, so I don't even focus on those, you know? And Netflix, another one recent times, you know, making a lot of money for people, right? But then, you know, once you get comfortable, then you can add more tickers to your arsenal, right? For you to grow the account and you want to do it in a stable fashion, those four are pretty good.Okay, thank you. Nadia, if you have any questions, sorry, I've been like hogging the mic. No problem.Your questions are actually more advanced than mine. Mine are quite kind of stupid questions. So I'm quite new to trading.It's like a very, very new thing for me. So just one month into it, and it's like, you know, for a nursery student, somebody has given a high school syllabus. So it's kind of going like that for me.So it was kind of overwhelming for me to understand the indicators, the Greeks, how do we actually get it? Plus this new, I had started with Fidelity. So it was kind of easier for me. But now that, you know, Sumesh said, you have to get onto this IBKR.So it's kind of, it looks quite technical to me. So I really did not, it was kind of scary to even look at it. Did you ever get your setup done? Your IBKR setup? I did.I do not know how, I think I might have to go back to it and check if I have done it right. Okay. So yeah, and I watched that video.I think I need to put those subscriptions. I don't think I have done that. The ones that you talked about in your previous video that you had shared with me.So I haven't done that yet. So I just wanted to confirm if I have to do that. And second thing, if there is something, I mean, I'm kind of, you know, scared of getting onto how to do my first trade on this.So that's where I wanted to take your suggestion. And like these strike prices, everything is overwhelming for me right now. So my question to you was, sorry, just one question I have to ask you.Go for it. What is actually the basis for getting into an options trade? Because I have never
gotten into one. So it's kind of overwhelming.Should we get, should we look at the Greeks, the indicators, the patience candles? Like, how do we go about it? It's kind of confusing for me. Okay. So let's talk about the Greeks first.Okay. With options trading, the Greeks are inbuilt. Okay.The way you want to approach that is, do you drive? Yep. Okay. So you're going from destination point A to point B. Okay.On the way comes those lights. It's still on the way, but then the lights are there. What would you do when you see a red light? Stop.How do you know red light's going to come? I'll see yellow light first. How do you know yellow light's going to come? I wouldn't. I mean, I would keep an eye.Exactly. That's all you can do. And think about it this way.Let's assume you know yellow light's going to come, and you know red light's going to come. Knowing those lights are going to come, will that change your course of action? Yes. How? I would be more aware.Okay. But your course of action is, what do you do when the red light comes? I would keep my speed in check. If I know there's a yellow light coming, I would keep my speed in check, so I know I don't go ahead.But you're always supposed to keep your speed in check. That's what the speed limit tells you to do. Right.Not the yellow light. But I would go further down then. I mean, if I know, so I would slow down further.Right. So point is, even if you know red light's going to come, you can only anticipate, right? And when you anticipate, it comes, and you stop. Or if you don't anticipate, if it comes, you're going to stop hard.But the thing is, even if you don't know the light's going to come, you're going to stop, because in your mind, you have taught your mind to stop when you see red. When you see an amber, you've taught yourself to slow down if you're well inside the line. If you're almost close to the line, you've taught your mind to just speed across that junction.That's what you've taught your mind. So point is, knowing when it's going to come will not change your course of action. So knowing is absolute.Good to have, not a must have. Treat the Greeks like that, because there is delta that you see on the screen. So there is gamma.
Even if we don't understand what they do, they will continue to do what they are designed to do. So let's focus on what we can understand and how much we have to worry about. So you need to worry about just two things.What does a theta do? The theta starts with t. Time starts with t. So theta affects time. When you buy an options contract and you want it to go from point A to point B, and you are sitting on it for a while, the longer you sit, imagine your tires are getting deflated. Eventually, even if you... What's going to happen if you have a deflated tire? You're not going to be able to drive.The worst case scenario, you can get out of your car and push your car, and you can reach your destination. But what's going to happen when you reach your destination by pushing the car? You'd be tired, and you're going to regret why you reached. That's what theta is going to do.So we need to kind of ensure we buy those contracts and exit those contracts while there is steam, and you make money. Okay? Does it make sense? Yep. Okay.So what is this delta going to do? See, even if you delete delta from this option chains, it'll still do what it's supposed to do. It'll still, for example, if you take the 235 calls, you've got $45.9. So you're going to make about $46. Even if you delete that column, if Apple makes a dollar move, you're going to make $45, $46.No two ways about it, right? But if you are aware, that's the delta that's going to do. Now, mentally, you can decide, should I spend $375 to make $46, or do I have to spend $180 to make$28? Right? So you just get comfortable doing the math. Now, if you are going to open a calculator and figure out, all right, what this percentage I'm going to make, don't, delta is right now a distraction.Get rid of delta. You don't need to do. So what is that you definitely need? You need to have the strike price.Okay? Whichever direction you go, you need to choose the right strike price. Okay? So what is the right strike price? To begin with, since especially in your case, since you're new, get on to at the money contracts, right? So we already figured that out. Everything that's in the blue area, they are in the money.Stay away from them. Okay? Just two or maybe three contracts outside, immediately outside of the blue area is your target audience, right? You will just stick to that. Just two or three.That's it. Anything above and below that is not your area, right? You're talking about calls right now. I'm talking about calls and puts, right? The logic is same.Anything, just two or three strike price outside, immediately outside of the dark blue area is your target audience. Okay. Okay? So, and then in your case, Nazia, 100% stick to SPY, QQQ, AMD, Amazon, right? So now what's gonna happen is it's like driving, going from one point to another point and you keep taking the same route.
You're gonna get so comfortable. You know, you don't, then you stop using your GPS. Then, you know, you become subconsciously competent, right? So, you know, you can literally can drive with your eyes closed.And when you are narrating or, you know, telling the route to somebody, you just know it all what's there. You just know it. Even if you don't actively put, you know, look for places, you still know it's there because subconsciously it's gone into your head because you're using that place, right? So same way, that's gonna happen with the tickers.You know, you keep watching it, keep trading it and keep backtesting it. You will begin to know, all right, SPY is gonna do this now. Okay? So you're just waiting.Okay. Now, if you only tell yourself SPY is gonna do this, that becomes a gamble, right? Now, SPY is gonna do this now. Then you include the LTP, right? The patient scan.So, all right, SPY is doing this. I'm gonna enter. So you enter, right? Now you have the levels. That's when you're gonna exit. So you're gonna exit. So you don't have the anxiety.You're not gonna worry about, damn it, I've spent 500 bucks. You know, what if I lose this money? No, no, you're not thinking about that. I've spent 500 bucks making this journey.I'm going, right? So 75 out of 100 times, you're gonna hit your destination. Make sense? Yep. Just one question.Go for it. When you say SPY QQQ is AMD and Amazon also, is what I should stick to. SPY and QQQ have the same expiration date.They're like those zero DTE contracts. So is it safe to go on the same day expiration or what expiration should one choose in which case? Okay. I mean, doesn't it get very risky if it is the same day expiration? You're asking this question because a lot of people, or you've seen some videos, you've heard from people saying, hey, zero date expirations are risky, right? I've kind of seen it because, I mean, I have seen with other people, like a friend of mine, like she trades options.So I have seen with her, like she is like in a massive stress whenever her expiration dates come nearer. So she's like, oh shoot, it might not hit this strike price. So she's always in that zone.So that's how I know. Okay. So now the reason I asked the question is there should be a precedence which prevented you from really understanding what is a zero date contract.Okay. So now you have that experience because your friend has a certain experience and you want to be careful for yourself, which is absolutely fine. But let's understand what's a zero date contract, right? Zero date contract is, I mean, every day it'll expire.Okay. Now, why is it risky? Today, and Noor, can you move to SPY please for me? All right.
Thank you.So now I'll also pull up the SPY chart. Okay. Today I got into SPY.I didn't exit because I didn't hit my target on the calls and it went right down and hit my stop loss. And I was like, damn it. And I got out with a little loss.Anyway. So when I bought that contract, I think I bought 580 calls. Okay. So that time I was at the money. 580. Okay.Now it's $87. Okay. So let's say in the morning, okay, when the market opened, you know, I bought the calls.Okay. Let's assume I bought 581 calls. Okay.It goes up. It goes up. And my contracts, you know, it's going up. Now I forgot to sell it. Okay. I forgot to sell it.Let's, you know what? Let's erase that. Let's assume I bought the 580 calls for a cheaper price. Okay.Let's say, let's say I bought it for $50. Right now it's $87. Right.Close our market. Now, if I don't close my contract, I have lost my $50. Forgive me making 87. Okay. Forgive me making the $37 profit in that contract. I lost my 50 contracts.It's expired. Okay. Treat it like a, treat these option contracts like a coupon. Right. It's just that you paid for this coupon. Okay.And that's exactly what we're doing. You buy this coupon for $50. And when it goes to $80, sell it.Now, treat it as a pizza coupon. You're not eating the pizza. You didn't even go into the pizza store.You just got this coupon. And when somebody was ready to buy it for $80, you sold it and made 30 bucks. That's it.All right. Now, if you don't sell it, you lost your 50 bucks. Okay.That's what zero date contracts would do. Now, as date traders in options, you don't want to be sitting on contracts until it expires, which is close a business. We're looking at buying something and getting out, probably in about 15, 20 minutes.
Okay. You're going from point A to point B. And the time for that is only 15, 20 minutes. Maybe some occasions it takes you 25, 30 minutes.Remember, the longer you sit, your tires are getting deflated. You don't want to sit longer. Okay.Leave alone getting, you know, the contracts getting expired by the end of the day. The longer you sit, your tires are deflated. There's no point in even you reaching the destination.Right. So you want to kind of get out as quick as possible. Right.When there's momentum, that's great. That's great. You know, you keep going, keep going, keep going.Bravo. Hits all your targets, get out, leave the runners run, and you're good. Right.Now, when you have that plan, or rather, if you don't have that plan, you are going to be worried about, Oh man, I bought this contract. You know, I got another one expiring today. I've got this one expiring after two days.So you're going to be worried because you don't have a well-defined plan. You have a plan, but not a well-defined plan. Here with LTP, you don't want to trade more than 90 minutes after market open.Right. Because whatever that you can do, cast the momentum in the first 90 minutes. If you don't catch anything, you're done for the day.Come back tomorrow. Right. You get a better day or the day after better day.You don't want to sit the whole day to catch some trade. That's going to drain you and it's going to age you too. So you don't want that.Right. So 90 minutes, whatever you find, buy it, sell it. So if your entire duration is 90 minutes, how does it matter when the contract's expiring? Whether the same day, next day, or the next day.Even if you're not making profits, even if you go 5%, 7% down, just get it over with. Close it. See, that's what your stop loss does.Right. You know, you don't want to, see, not all contracts, all trades will make you money. So you need to give yourself, if you want to grow your account and if you want to become successful, creating is a skill and you need to give yourself profit targets and loss targets.Right. Loss target. So if you say, all right, $250 per day is my profit target.When you hit $250, you should have the discipline to walk away. It doesn't matter if that day is going to pay you more. Okay.
In the beginning, teach you that discipline. Right. Walk away.When you hit $100 loss, that's a loss target. Walk away. You don't want to sit there, try to recoup your $100.Right. Your mind will just absolutely screw your system. You don't want to do that. Just walk away. Close it. Walk away.Right. Today is not your day. Come back tomorrow.And the same goes with the other contracts that do not have a zero day to expiration, like in Amazon? Yes. Yes. Yes.AMD and Amazon, they're not zero day contracts. Right? Right. Same thing goes. Same thing goes. So, don't worry about the expiration date. We are day traders.Don't worry about expiration dates. If you want to swing trade, and then if somebody, I mean, you cannot swing with, if somebody wants to buy contracts and swing trade, and if they chose zero day contracts, I will call that person an idiot because it expires the same day. Stop.It doesn't allow you to swing. So, you need to go at least five days out in the future and buy it. Whereas, contracts like Amazon and AMD, it gives you that feature by default.I mean, you cannot buy a zero date in Amazon, AMD, unless it's a Friday. Right? Right. So, but for us, none of that matters because we are looking, the life, the entire life of a trade is about 10 to 30 minutes.That's it. That was my time in confusion. I was getting confused with what should be the expiration, because I had never, I mean, even gone through this.I was wondering what should be the expiration date, especially for contracts like AMD and Amazon, because, you know, like you said, the theta, it keeps on decreasing. So, it keeps on diminishing the value of the contract as it goes towards the expiration date. So, my thing was always that if it is closer to the, if I'm buying something, which is very close to the expiration date, which means the price of, the value of the contract is going to be lower as well.So, if I'm already closer to the expiration date, how much will it increase in value, in terms of value? I hope you understood my question. Delta will determine that. Delta will absolutely, and you can see it right now on your screen.Okay? For the contracts, let's take 581 calls. Okay? The 581 calls has a delta of $29. Okay? But the value of that contract, I mean, as of right now, you cannot buy it.Okay? Even at close of business, that's how much it would have been. Okay? $5 to buy the contract. If you buy the contract for $5, and if SPY moved up by $1, you're going to be making
$29.Right? That's the math here. Okay? But guess what? Won't happen. That just won't happen.Okay? So, look at 581 strike price for the next day, tomorrow. Now, for that contract, the value of the contract right now, it's $154. If you spend $154, and if SPY moves up by $1, you're going to be making $48, which is roughly 30%, 33%.Okay? You're spending $150, and you're making $50. Okay? So, you're making one-third of the money. What are the chances SPY will make such a move while you're holding it? Strong chances.Okay? $1 move on SPY is pretty good. Okay? Pretty good. And if you really see today, in the whole day, with all those oscillations going up and down, SPY made a $1.79 move.Okay? So, you pack some steam to your contracts there, to your premium. Right? So, it gets a little realistic. That's all it is.If you go down two days, all right, there you are. You're down two days. Now, what's happening? You spent $239 for a contract to make the exact same amount of money if you spent $150.Right? Now, that keeps changing. Okay? So, delta is not a constant. It keeps changing due to various factors.Okay? It keeps changing. So, for us, you need to focus on picking the right strike price, which we covered, and you need to focus on when to enter the trade. That's what LTP will do.Your patient scandal will tell you when to enter the trade and when to exit the trade. To enter the trade, you want the P, which is a patient scandal in LTP, and you want the trend, which is a T in LTP, to be, firstly, you want the trend to be present, and then the patient scandal to form. You enter the trade.And when you exit, at your levels, which is the L in LTP. So, that's what you want to do. And you can apply that strategy across any T curves, right? Any instruments, because that's the logic.You have a certain trend, then you have a little bit of pullback, you enter. And then you exit at your various levels. Okay.Okay. Makes sense. Okay.But back test, right? So, once you set this up, once you go through the modules, get on to paper trading. Get used to the system. Okay.Get used to the platform, and get used to identifying trades and taking trades on paper. And then get used to being on the live session and follow what Vee and Sumesh are saying. Try to
take one or two of their trades.Once you get comfortable, get on to the live, right? Now, when you start with live, you're not starting as CEO. You're not starting as, you know, from scratch. You already have a certain experience, certain behavior, and all that.Then you start. So, you'll be all right. I think my paper trading account looks a little different from the live one.So, I think I need to figure that out, what that is. Follow the same exact settings and set it up. Exact same thing.I think I'm going to go back to the module that Sumesh has talked about, where Sumesh has talked about the settings and all of that. Then maybe I have missed out on something. So, I have another question for you.When we are at a 52-week high, how do we, what should be the strategy in terms of what should be the set profit target in our minds? Because, you know, if it's already at 52-week high, so, I mean, it's kind of, you know, everything goes like, it's out. It's out there. It doesn't matter.Whether, it just doesn't matter. Because at 52-week high, if a stock is going sideways, don't trade. At 52-week high, if the stock is an inside week or an inside day, don't trade.At 52 weeks, if you see a stock making trends, if there's an uptrend, wait for a little pullback, which is a patience candle, then buy calls. Exactly the reverse of that is true. At 52 weeks, if it is beginning to slightly go downtrend, wait for a pullback and get into puts.And net-net, it does not matter for us. We are day traders. It does not matter.When you're at a 52-week high, it just does not matter. Does that apply for SPY and QQQ as well? Everything. Everything.Because our strategy is LTP, so it doesn't matter. Just give me one sec, guys. Just give me one sec.Okay, I'll be right back. One sec. Hey, Noreen, do you have any other questions to ask him? Can you hear me? Yep.Hi. Yeah, I wanted to ask him about execution. I feel like to execute a trade here on this platform and watch the charts, I feel like by the time I get to it, I'm going to miss the price action.So I wanted to ask him if he does anything to prepare ahead of time for it. For example, if we know that we're watching AMD and we're watching the upside, then do we already have an optimum strike price in our mind and just have the order ready on the order entry and then just wait to execute? Hey, guys, I'm back. Hey.
Hey. Sorry. Sorry, go ahead.Now I have some random utility guy. A little too late to show up, but anyway. You're in Chicago, right? No, I'm in Iowa.Oh, you're in Iowa. Yeah. Where are you guys from? I'm from Kashmir and I live in Denver, Colorado.Denver, man. Well, I'm in Toronto. Toronto, okay. Cold places. Both you guys. Yes.It's warm for now in Denver, surprisingly. Oh, it's warm? Is it? Yeah. Wow. We get all the chills, too. Oh, man. It's getting chilly here.Surprisingly, it's good here right now. I don't know how, but for now, it's good. Enjoy what it lasts.Oh, yes. It could be any day. Wow. Wow, that's nice. Yep. Cool, cool.Yeah, you guys had something else, too. Yeah, Noreen did. Yeah, I was basically just  The thing is, I know that in time, I will gain the speed.I will know how to execute more efficiently while watching everything, but for now, if I'm watching trading view charts and everything's all marked up and I'm watching my broker account, let's say if I'm only watching two charts, QQQ and AMD for tomorrow, and I need to know if there is any way to execute more efficiently. Is it possible to have an optimum calls, an optimum puts order already placed in, and then depending upon where the chart goes, I can just submit, and is it possible for me to already have my stop loss keyed in and everything just there, and I just submit based on what the chart is telling me? Is that efficient way of executing? It is for futures, but for options, no, because you want to make quick exits, okay? And let me tell you what I mean by that. So let's  let me  Should I stop my screen share? Yeah, I'm just thinking  yeah, I'll just pull up a screen here, and okay, let me share my screen.Let's talk about Apple. Oh, okay. So let's talk about Apple.Are you guys able to see my screen? Yep. Okay. So we are on five minutes, right? Okay. Now, so the market opened. It's going down. The very first minute, this candle was formed.So we know most often than not, this is going to create a massive pullback, and then it will go up. And what I mean by that is if I switch to the 10-minute chart, okay, see, this is what I meant. The market opened, shot up, and then boom, there's a pullback, and then it goes back again, okay? So if  in the futures world, the moment I see this come down here, okay, the system is 
the system allows me to integrate my broker right into TradingView, and that's exactly what Ninja does and most other brokers do.Yeah, like TraderWeight. TraderWeight. You can place the order right here.Yep. When you place the order right here, you literally do this. You're literally going to  Exactly. That's what you're going to do. This is what you're going to do. And this is set.That's your entry. That's your profit target. You know what? You're just sitting and watching the chart.You're just doing this. At this stage, you don't care. Even if it goes all the way up here, you don't really care.Let's assume it didn't come here, okay? Let's just assume it didn't come here, all right? So it came here. Profit target would hit, all right? So let me move this. Okay, let's say you entered here for whatever reason.You entered here, okay? And I'm going to keep my anchor up there. So now you're sitting in this trade. You don't have to worry about it at all, right? Eventually, now your trade hit your profit target.It took more than the entire day to hit the profit target. And guess what? You would have still made that 1.28% because it hit your profit target. And you spent so much time.Doesn't matter. There is no theta to kill you. It went all the way so close to your stop loss.We don't have a delta at this stage draining you. No, we don't have a gamma which is still affecting you. No, nothing of those.You enter here, and you're looking for a straightforward profit. If it hits this mark, you get out. If it hits this mark, you get out with a profit.Simple, okay? Now, so it's so easy, you're able to put it on the chart. With option day trading, that's not the case. You want to make a clear, swift entry, okay? So this is coming down.When it comes down at this stage, at this stage, the structure is broken, and we are in the downtrend, okay? So there's a downtrend. But this green candle, we have to get technical. This green candle is a trendbreaker candle, okay? This green candle does not mean the uptrend has formed, but it is a potential trendbreaker because it stopped.It prevented the downtrend from continuing, okay? And then what it did, it formed a red candle. So we need to clearly understand this. Green candles mean uptrend.Red candles mean downtrend. That's wrong, okay? That understanding is wrong. It's a green or a red candle.
Now, what you want to see is if this is a potential trend killer, then you treat this as a low, you treat this as a high. Now, you have a higher low and a higher high, right? A potential uptrend. Then you have a little pullback, right? So that's a patient's candle.Now, am I a big fan of this patient's candle? Absolutely not because, you know, it's just beginning to form a trend. There is no trend, so I'm not going to pick a trade there, okay? So absolutely not. And then you have the second candle, which is almost another patient's candle.I'm not thrilled about the first one, so obviously I'm not thrilled about the second one too. And then this candle's formed, right? And then this comes, and then this comes. All right, at this stage, all right, we are seeing there's going to be an uptrend.Slowly, there's an uptrend. So this candle confirms an uptrend, okay? So we are sitting, waiting for an entry. We are waiting for an entry.So now let's look at this. At this stage, this is the patient's candle. It's a good patient's candle.You want to enter here, but what happens? This red candle did not give you the entry, right? If it had given you an entry, it would be a good trade, but it didn't give you an entry, so you're down. Now, are we in a downtrend? No, we are not. We are not in a downtrend.You get another patient's candle. Bravo. So now that you've waited for so long, you're going to be waiting.All right, so potentially you will say this. So you're going to draw this, and I'll show you what I mean by this, okay? So now we'll bring you to the replay, okay? So you're waiting. This entire time we're waiting, okay? So you're waiting.We're in the uptrend. Okay, there's a patient's candle. You're like still excited.All right, great. When this patient's candle comes, what are you supposed to do? You will open your chart, your trader workstation, and you will load your contract and put this anchor. So literally your anchor is going to be this way, right? You put this long anchor.Let's say this is one of the levels here. Okay, this is a level here to take profit. This is your entry point, and this is your stop loss.The bottom of the patient's candle is your stop loss. So you're going to put this anchor, and you have loaded your contract. So what contract are you going to load? What's the price action here? The price action here is you want it to come here.So it's 234.25. So you potentially will take, it's Apple, right? So you will probably take 232.25 or232.5. Okay, one of those strike price. We spoke about the at-the-money strike price. You're going to pick those for the cost.You're going to be waiting now, okay? So you chose the strike price. You put in the quote panel,
and then you moved it into the order entry screen, and literally you're waiting to hit submit. And when do you hit submit? When this next candle crosses the high of the patient's candle, which is 234.26. At that stage, you watch your bids and asks.You want to ensure the bids and asks hold that 234.26 at least for five seconds. When it did, you enter, you hit submit, okay? You guys with me so far? Yes. Now you're measuring your entry point.At this stage, you already know what your stop loss is, you know, visually and by number. You know, it's 233.82. And since you put this anchor, you visually know when the price action comes down to this red point, you have to get out. You already know that, okay? What did it do? You didn't get an entry.You just didn't get an entry. So you did not enter the trade. But guess what? That's a patient's candle by itself.So you instantly move your anchor down here and adjust your stop loss. Now this is one of my favorite patient's candle. You know why? Now look at it.Look at the anchor. It's lopsided. The red is so small.That's my stop loss area, right? I'm going to make such a small loss if I did. I'm going to make such a big profit if I did, right? So the shorter the patient's candle is good for you, right? So again, now you're going to do the exact same thing. You're going to wait.Now your contract will be a little different, right? Because we're looking at 234. Yeah, maybe the same contract. If you play one or two other money, you're going to have the same contract.So now you're waiting. Now what happens? What just happened? We did not get an entry. You did get an entry.And within the same five-minute mark, you hit a stop loss. Look at this little wick up there. Where it's going, you'd be waiting.One, two, three, four, five. Boom, enter. As soon as you enter, it comes down, hits the stop loss here.Exit. Don't feel bad, okay? Now there could be another situation. You know, this price action crossed the high of the patient's candle.Now you want the bids and ask to hold 234. So you look at the bids and ask on the top left corner. Since I'm on replay mode, it's not there.So you go one, two, three. Oh boy, it's not holding. Okay, again, came back up. Okay, one, two, three, four. Okay, not holding. Again, one, two, three.
Boom, it's going down. So although it crossed the high of the patient's candle, because your bids and ask did not hold, you don't enter. By not entering, you saved yourself so much money.That could be another possibility, right? So you need to always look out for this bids and ask. So now, not only that you did not enter, this red candle is trend killer now. It's a trend killer, okay? So now you're like fresh out of, oh my God, I just saved my rear.And I, you know, I did not take a trade. I didn't lose money. Great, cool.But what's happening? Oh wait, who's joining it? Hey, who just joined? iPhone. Prashant, okay. Bruh, it's easy to say it out loud when you're typing it.Okay, so you, what was I saying? Yeah, so you are in the middle of a chop. So the moment you begin to understand these dynamics, okay, you're gonna teach yourself to get into a trade only when it meets the required parameters. If it does not, then you don't take a trade.So you don't wanna force yourself to say, you know what, I have to take a trade because today is Monday and my target to make money is $250, so I have to take a trade. No, don't get into that mode. You get into a trade when you see a good setup.When you see a good setup, get in. Boom, 75 out of 100 times it's gonna work. You still have those 25 times.It's not gonna work. God, you can't do anything about it, okay? Nothing's 100%, so you can't do anything about it. So does it make sense? Yeah.So I know I touched up, but it's a very long answer. So in the system, you don't want to set up system stop loss, system take profit, and stuff like that for day trading options, okay? If you're doing any other, so if you do futures, or if you're doing option selling, yeah, you can do all of that. But for day trading options, no, because the entire, remember, always remember, the entire span of your trade is preferably 10 to 15 minutes sometimes.If there's a lag, it goes for 25, 30 minutes very rarely. But you don't want to stay longer. The longer you stay, you're gonna lose money, right? Okay.Now, in terms of executing the setup, let's say you do everything right, and you have to take profit, and we're in calls, so then I have to put in another order for sell? No. To get out of it? No, no, no. I have to watch the video, but... Yep.So my suggestion will be, you know, I probably, I'll sit with you, just with you, if I have to sit, and if there are a couple of others who want to see the execution, I can do that. But setup, so let's cover some of the ground stuff, right? First setup, let's play around the paper. And Nazia, you can do this too, right? Let's play around the paper.Set it up in the paper, right? Exactly what you have in your live account, set it up in the paper. Now, when you do that, go to your IBKR browser, live session, and the settings, you can go and
provide the access to your paper account, the market data subscription access to your paper account, which is there in one of the videos, right? So do all that, and do the setup, and maybe one of the days, probably Friday, or one of the days, if the market is like today. See, I get busy from 10.30, okay? And just looking at my calendar, yeah, this entire week, I'm getting busy by10.30. Thursday and Friday, I'm not.So if we find time between tomorrow and the day after before 10.30, during the market hours, we'll just jump on, we'll call for 30 minutes, and I will show you how to make those execution becomes easy. If not, we'll do that on Thursday. We'll get into the live session.I mean, we'll do paper trading when the market's live. Let's go place orders and sell those orders for both calls and puts, and I'll show you how to go about that. It'll be easy.It will be amazing. Yeah, anytime works for me. I'm in front of my laptop in the morning, so if you just send a message, I can jump on.Thank you so much. No worries. No worries.Cool. Hey, Prashant, do you have any questions, man? No, I'm good. Okay.So yeah, feel free to join it, right? One of the days, we'll decide to do it. Yeah, and if you have anything else specific, do let me know. But Nazia and Noreen, just check your subscriptions for paper, all right? So I think it should be all right.Perfect. Thank you so much for making time this evening. No worries at all. My pleasure. Okay. So I'm going to stop recording.
ctmrm9uel7uc72rk0ofgeverything right. So the way I like to keep my screen is if you notice you know I've split the screen into two halves right. This on the left hand side is my quote panel and the option chains all right.On the right hand side I've got these two windows. I've got the order entry and I've got this portfolio trades and orders. Now your portfolio for some of you you can keep it right at the bottom.You will have three windows here. So I like to kind of go let it sit let it sit here in the orders window okay and so this is the first setup right. So you can literally unlock your unlock it here and you know make whatever changes you want to make.You know drag things around and move things around whatever and you know set this up and then go lock it and it'll save all right. So this is your basic setup you follow. Now you guys so far you have this basic setup done with your trail workstation? Yeah I have it.All right yes it's all done. Okay it's all done. Okay so Ankur when you're doing if you have you know refer to this video and if you have any questions let me know right.So there's already in the module there's module I think in module three or something how to set up the workstation and then when it comes to functional let me know right. Okay hotkeys. All right most important before we go to the hotkeys I want you guys to take a note of this right.You see this little green loop right that's the link in the module it does not recommend you to link but you know that's outdated so we need to link. So you need to so when I click this you have so many groups right. So mine is group four so whatever group you have there's one, two, three, four right.Now folks who have another window for you know see I have the portfolio and the orders in one tab itself one window itself so it's okay. If you guys cannot get in one window your portfolio will be separate so you need to link that as well. Okay so in short whatever number of windows you have you link it and it's very important I'll tell you why.Okay that's number two. Number three let's go to the hotkeys. All right.All right so like three windows means the group three, four windows means group four? No no no no. No? So if you say group one here then you do group one, group one, group one. Okay okay and it's not really mapping to anyone it's just like just a group.For example I somebody will have their portfolio like this okay you know it'll look like this okay. So now it will look like this with no group okay. So now I have group four here I have group four that's green color, green color, green color.
So I go in here and do group four. Now it's all linked okay because this is your portfolio that you monitor but you know I really don't want this separately right. So I already have it here and anyways I don't watch my portfolio I mean my P&L while trading.You know it's a big distraction okay. I mean it took a while for me to come to terms with not watching the P&L. It's easier you know Somesh recommends this all the time it's I just you know it took a while for me to come to terms with it right.But in two days it made a massive difference, massive difference when you stop looking at it. You will realize about your own self your behavior changes when you don't look you watch the charts and trade all right. So all right so now I will move on to the hotkeys.Real quick sorry that the portfolio I have it sitting I have portfolio listed where my orders log trades are on the left hand side. Is that the same one as the port as your portfolios that you have listed on your yes. Yeah it's the exact same one yeah okay cool exact same one.I mean I had it separately too but then I kind of you know I like this layout since I don't see my portfolio while trading I don't need it. So I can create a tab instead of having a window. So if I take multiple trades all those trades will come and sit here.So then you know so I look at my option chains on the left and then my execution on here and then I trade. Okay all right if you guys noticed all right there you go I'm wondering where is my mid and bidding everything option chain why it's not loading all right it's not loading. It takes a while to load on yeah today on the because I was in the paper trading account yeah it took probably about 20 minutes for it to load for me.Oh is it yeah that's too much it just shows I mean if it's an IV oh man okay if that happens just close it and open it right see now my spy I did not realize while talking earlier right then I really have two tabs just close it and reopen it it'll it'll come up okay all right now moving on to the hotkeys. So I only have three hotkeys okay buy sell and cancel okay let's go to buy. I have one question is that all we need? That's all you need.But do you have any hotkey for closing the position like closing the entire position? Cancel. So cancel and closing is the same thing? Yes. So if I'll go back I'll go back when you so cancel and closing will result in the same thing okay closing is when I do it by my own choice I want to close this position at this level okay I do it willfully cancel is you know it's like hitting the panic button you don't know what's going on some position is open you don't know what's going on then you hit control c it'll just cancel all the orders all the existing orders yes okay thanks so essentially it's the same thing it's just it results in the same thing right but when you close you know it's like you know you have a gun you point at your target and you shoot you shoot you shoot but if you don't know what's going on you just blindly fire right it results in the exact same thing but there's a difference in execution right so the reason why I'm impressing upon that point is when you are in a position you need to close the position you don't want to cancel the position okay all right you're going to configure all right now when I buy I like to keep it
control b you know you can shift one command one whatever you want to do right I like to keep control b it's easy for me to do that right so you hit record and then you do control b it'll record then you go to customize you buy that's your action you buy absolute because this is my paper account I have one okay usually I'll keep five and then order type I know the module says limit change this to market you want to buy and sell at the market okay and you can do this transmit the order instantaneously all right now since you're starting off you don't need to check this okay and I'll tell you why you don't need to check this okay so don't check this and hit okay and you'll come out of it now sell exact same thing now for now since we're beginners until you become until you get to become comfortable you're not really going to use the sell hotkey yet okay and I'll tell you why as well okay all right so hotkey setup and all right another important one okay so you know you go to the font and I have the font set at 14 all right or you can go down to 13 or 12 you know so for example if I go down to 13 and hit apply you know it just gives you a better real estate right it's not so you know crowded right and you know there you know in your setup you will see there's another one that says option open interest and it'll the short form will be optn you can see it in your creator workstation we really don't use it anymore so you can delete right click and delete you don't need that so you all need this volume bid mid ask and delta right all right so this is your basic setup it's done and then it comes to execution right let us take something let's choose spy and since I'm a spy let's choose spy all right now I'm gonna buy spy puts because I I'm doing this random all right I'm not using LTP I'm doing this random all right so I'm gonna buy spy puts how do I do it now first of all which strike price I will choose okay for any ticker any ticker you will see for the calls you'll see these blue dark blue for the puts you'll see these dark blue the ones that are dark blue are in the money okay they are in the money and looking at I can tell you spy is hovering between 580 and 581 if you go look into a spy chart the price action will be between 580 and 581 right now it's 580.88 now when you take puts as a thumb rule okay if you and I'm not sure about anybody's portfolio size but as a thumb rule this is what I practice I will go one when we talk about puts I'll go one or two strike prices about this dark blue shaded area that's at the money okay so 581 is dark blue so I'll go 580 or 579 all right now that's going to be at the money outside of that's going to be out of the money for calls now I've got 580 in the money right so I will go 581 or 582 that's at the money so anything outside of that is out of the money right there this this is where I get confused right here okay right now the price is at uh 580 580.63 and it's bouncing around so it came up made a patient scandal which is a long patient scandal and it hit it broke below five we had it charted out as 580.05 as the levels so Chris Chris okay one correction it did not make a patient scandal we'll talk about it separately right I think you're getting slightly confused with the concept of the patient scandal and I know what you're saying but it did not make a patient scandal gotcha okay okay but I got I got what you're saying but on this one so let's say it was 581.05 as as a level and let's say it did it breaks below that do you choose as a strike price 581 or 580 good question and very good question right now in your mind you're asking this question because you are taking the price action from the trading view chart and instantly combining it with a strike price that you're seeing on your trader workstation yes sir and you're looking for the exact same figure you don't see it so that's causing a confusion now let's look at it a little differently right let's look at it one is cool man
cool say one is the price action which you see in the trading view now this is strike price they're two different things okay the strike price if you see the whole numbers okay now some of the tickers will have a 0.25 or a 0.75 you know let's go look for it if I find all right here you go AMD I got it there's 150 150 2.5 155 one so this all this while it's there's a one dollar difference and then here there's a 2.5 difference and then 2.5 difference 2.5 right but here it's only one dollar right now the strike and look at amazon same 2.5 dollars right so now the strike price is what is already set by your exchange right which comes in through your broker in our case IBKR price action is the real-time price what's going on okay so when you when you look at this chart the way it is when you look at this chart okay you need to realize two things all right and and you can see these things moving around right so uh on the puts you got 581 in the money okay because it's dark blue for the calls you've got 580 in the dark blue so you can rest assured say your price action is between 580 and 581 now I don't know what that exact number is going to be that's fine that's absolutely fine but the price action is going to be between 580 and 581 so the the strike price that you need to choose will be if you are doing puts right if you do you got to do 580 or 579 okay if you're doing calls you got to 581 or 582 and once I explain the concept of how why we are taking this and how we're flipping the premium it will just give you a better understanding okay and I'll talk to you about that too right so let's let's say I'll do 579 okay 579 puts SPY execution how do you do it you go click this P and whatever your hotkeys are all right whatever setup you've done my case run control B I do control B now look at this there's a little window that pops up right instantly I'll do cancel all right now I want you guys to be in control while you're doing this because we're beginning we're beginners right so you do cancel now what has happened is now from this option chains you chose see this imagine this to be a buffet right from this buffet you chose your dish right which is 579 puts now what it did what did it do was it went one step up into our court panel and it's sitting here okay it's sitting here in your court panel now it's still a court you've not consumed it right it's sitting here be very if you touch anywhere in this area okay if you touch anything from here right it will flow into the order entry now that's for you now it's on your plate right so instead of touching anything else just go click this little mar you know you go click it this window will open click it again that's fine it's just a reassurance right now it's redundant because it's already here but get into the habit of doing that right so basically what I'm doing is this I discard now I go back to 579 puts click control B my hotkey hit cancel and then I hit this market hit this market now by doing this I moved it from the option chains I went one step up into the court panel then I went one step right into my order entry so 579 puts spy okay now I'm on market order right so for the purposes of our recording I'll change this to five okay my setup was just one I'll change this to five okay now what I'm going to do is hit submit you know you will hit submit based on LTP now we're doing a random entry okay based on LTP you guys will do the execution right when you hit submit and then hit transmit done when you do market order it's done all right now you have completed the purchase of spy puts now two things would happen in this case first thing in your order summary it tells you spy you bought it market type and you got five quantities your fill price is0.42 which is 42 that's the first thing now the spy is part of your portfolio right now if you go to this this court panel trading if you go into the portfolio it is sitting there five orders we purchased is sitting there right now okay so this is for us to view you and you don't want to see
the P&L okay how do you sell it when you buy something you got to sell it how do you sell it look at your order entry it's grayed out but it still has the same strike price that we chose hit sell it becomes red this is why I meant earlier that we're never going to use your hotkey for sell since we're beginners we'll do one trade at a time so the the way we're going to sell is we hit sell and you when you hit sell this will always be limit so you want to go and change it to market now you have you have prepared yourself to sell okay so now we wait for the levels when the levels come we go and hit submit assuming it's our desired level I go hit submit I will I only sold two all right great now again I go hit sell change it to market I'm waiting okay I'm waiting for the price action to go down further okay to the next desired level okay so let's find out what that is you know hopefully if the price action goes down you know we bought it at 42 we sold at 46 all right we only sold two at 46 so we will wait all right for the purpose of this exercise I'm gonna do sell again okay all right again I go sell bring this position one hit market and I'm waiting I'm waiting for my desired position all right so we bought it at 42 about five dollars at 42 we sold two at 46 we sold two more at 49 okay so I'm still watching the charts at this time all right you don't want it to go behind right so what I'm doing is all right maybe this is going your way this is your runner maybe it's maybe it's going your way or it may not go your way but you're waiting you're watching the chart this entire time you're waiting and watching all right cool so assuming it went in a certain direction or not right so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna hit submit and transmit now you have sold all of it okay you need to kind of check a couple of things now you bought five you sold five I go to your portfolio you got nothing in your portfolio which means you had it and you sold it you don't have it anymore so good reconfirmation you can have a peak view into your portfolio or you made 18 bucks all right but don't let that drive you because you may be unhappy about making 18 bucks you may feel you know you want to make more or you will see a negative and you will give yourself an opportunity to revenge trade so don't don't do all that so that's why you need to have a stop loss you need to have a profit target all right any questions so far just one so on the reverse of that let's say you have a position and you want to add more to it then you just pick the quantity in there and hit buy correct simple simple okay and we'll do that exercise too okay now with this buy and sell you know I think I may have a question as well so next I will show you how to go and add more to the existing position I mean you had a question I need to leave in two minutes if possible can you just quickly show me once you hit the first profit target and you want to move the stop loss to your buy so that you don't incur any loss how do you do you do it mentally you watch the chart because this entire time you're watching the chart and trading all right so I'll bring wait a minute so you don't actually put the stop loss you just no it's a mental so it's a mental stop loss see we do trading options right so it's a mental stop loss so for example okay I mean this is not the best example but I'm still going to show this okay if we have entered so before entry you know it's important for us to know when you load the contract you load it when a patient scandal is setting up okay and then when you watch for the look for the bids and ask when the opportune moment comes you hit submit you know you use your short position all right now that's your stop loss you come in here once you finish your first profit taking you know you don't even have to move it you don't even have to move it right so you you know where you entered so you you keep a mental stop loss there okay so you keep a stop loss at the stock price
or on the option price like if the option was bought at an average price of say 0.5 and it went up to one you took your profits and now you want to move your stop loss to the buying price of your option watch the chart and do it watch the chart and do it right see the reason why I said and I understand why you asked this question right if you in this case we bought this at 42 we sold 46 49 and then I sold the last position of 45 ideally at this point in time my new stop loss should have been 46 okay if I just went by the premium price my stop loss should have been 46 but we also have theta working in the background right so it will decay a little bit now that loss is I might have to leave it go for it go for it yeah please share the recording I'll all right cool man cool cool have a good day yeah so I'll just complete a sentence right now the theta is working in the background and it's going to decay your premium right so you want to always go by the price action on the chart right on the on the bright side when it keeps going up you know because we want the price action and the runners to keep going up and up and up and make you more money right so our focus will be on that and the only way to catch that is watching the price action now this is the flip side where you have the stop loss we're probably losing about one to ten cents that's okay that's absolutely fine the focus need not be there so we will continue to watch the chart the entire time and then trade okay so um I will do one more exercise okay and guys be aware I'll do it again okay so okay where is meta okay cool you're able to see my trader workstation right yes all right cool so uh let's say now I want to go by meta all right now by mistake if I go click any ticker from here anything from here in this case it's spy if I go click this spy look what happens my meta is gone it's become spy right so whichever tab you're sitting in and whatever you click from here this will supersede the tab and make it that all right so now I click spy and it made the meta to spy and you'll end up trading spy okay so you just need to be careful don't click anything from here basically that's the point this is just for you don't click it all right and when it becomes like this just close the tab and reopen meta right that's it so don't try to override it just reopen meta it becomes clean okay so now let's do another example let's take spy again okay you guys want any other ticker we can use another ticker I mean you can try is amd making any price moves let's see amd everything is chopping though but let's let's try amd all right so amd so let's do it it's not giving an entry all right let's say amd calls okay now I want you guys to watch something when I chose amd my order entry also says amd and my quantity is 100 this is good if I want to trade shares but we are trading shares okay so if I want to buy I choose 155 so I go in here click the c and then ctrl b and then you do cancel now what are you choosing in the so for for amd if you're doing the calls why are you choosing the first one outside of the dark blue that is at the money I can choose the first one or the second one okay I'll choose the that depends on how much money you have funded your account with okay if you are if you want to spend $111 per contract go ahead and do it right if you want to spend $50 a contract you can choose this all right why would you not choose the the 150 152.5 price is like the 217 217 now more profit it gives you more profit gives you more protection it's more expensive as well okay so my thought process is this eventually I'll start doing in the money because it's going to pay me more okay but I want to kind of come up the curve and build enough capital by taking baby steps only to get to the in the money game all right and I don't want to kind of start from scratch and start you know pick these out of the money contracts because I'm never going to make money with these except if
it's spx right now so out of the money is out of the window so you go at the money right so here the math is this if I spend 106 dollars for every one dollar move in amd I'll be making 33 dollars so which is roughly about 30 if I spend 216 dollars per contract for every dollar move of amd I'll be making 52.9 or 53 which is 25 yep okay that I was missing that point I didn't understand I wasn't understanding okay yeah so that's the delta that's why you're going right outside of it but because it's a lot less but you're making 33 dollars versus 52 but if you have an account that can handle that then you can go ahead go forth thank you I'll probably do this or that right because the moment it goes in the money right see although I'm only see 52 dollars to a 200 is only 25 percent and a 33 dollars to 100 is 33 percent so percentage wise obviously it makes more sense to buy 155 strike price but in reality 155 strike price if it goes against you it depletes yes whereas in the money will give you some protection it gives you a little bit cushion right so yeah there's a there's a little you know advantage in buying in the money but the thing is once you understand the the economics behind it it gives you a motivation to put yourself in a position to comfortably buy in the money you don't want to buy in the money because you have all those advantages you want to buy it because you're comfortable to do so and the best way to get comfortable is build your account says you don't want to load it into your account you don't want to load money in your account you start from a certain point and then build yourself up it gives you so much more experience it gives you so much more learning right and then you start playing in the money beautiful one quick question you said out of the money because that was like lighter blue is that yeah I mean anything else like about it right yeah so if you spend $19 to buy one contract after one dollar move you're going to make eight dollars okay eight dollars right so you can say all right $19 to $8 is cool you know it's a much bigger percentage but how many people are going to be playing this uh this strike price right but the rate of moment is going to be low okay because this IV is at the money IV you've got 42.5 percent IV which means you know it's pumping you for people who bought at the money so you've got 42.5 percent force coming in therefore at the money gives you that much more protection then it dwindles down a little bit to in the money and there's absolutely no momentum for out of the money so at the money is the safest bet either in calls correct correct lovely this is the safest will be at the money and in the money combination right but all that is yeah all that is a little advanced right so for now we start with at the money so that's why I said wherever you see this dark blue just choose one or two strike price below right this is now eventually when you evolve into getting comfortable and everything you may even choose three strike price below depending on the day right you choose three strike price below now think about it this way right today is a classic example I might go in and do 157.5 because 43 dollars I'll buy 10 contracts which is only 430 dollars but I make 16 dollars per contract per dollar move right so if I'm looking for a 25 profit you know if I if AMD moves just by 25 cents right I've spent 420 dollars I would make about 100 bucks profit if AMD moves just by 25 cents because I'm buying 10 contracts okay okay so yeah just keep those things in mind you don't have to calculate all this and enter a trade just be aware of it when you need it the most it'll just come into play you know when the play is happening just focus on LTP right just focus on LTP and get another trade and blindly just take the at the money right but at a later stage if you build when you build your account and you want to take more trades you can go one down you
can go one up whatever right cool so now uh and look let's say you load a contract like this okay this is another classic example you load a contract and then we loaded a calls contract now the market's reversed for AMD now I don't want to take calls anymore right click discard that's it what was that on the orders okay click right click orders what did I tell earlier what did I say the moment you touch something from here it flows into the order entry oh right click it it moved to the order entry but right now we don't care we discarded it that's why it's great after gotcha right so let's try again a random thing okay so I'm gonna do puts because it's going down puts so ctrl b all right I do a cancel now what happened so puts go on okay so I go here where the heck is the market man all right market is there all right cool so you want to make sure you do the puts make sure everything is choose you want to choose your strike price and if it's a puts you click on p and then you can do your quantity however you many you want to that'll move to your order entry box or entry yeah and then you can want to make sure it's on a buy and then you can choose your quantity as well correct make sure that it's marked set up as market and then when it hits the price on the chart that you're looking for then you say I go buy that's it I go do this it's filled okay it's filled now I see you know what I want to add more to this position because the the price action is moving I go hit buy I want to add two quantities or whatever let's say I want to add five quantities now look at this it's defaulted back to limit so I go and hit market while the market is moving while you're in a rush please do not forget to change this to market because when you buy a limit order you can sell the limit order as a market order when you buy a market order you can only sell it as a market order you cannot sell it as a limit order what I mean by that is this now let's say I want to sell so right now okay I've got six positions okay so let me try and sell one okay and I'll so I go sell good and I want to just sell one okay I'm selling one now it's here limit by default it's limit and I forgot about it I go hit submit I submit crap it filled okay it shouldn't fill in my life it will not fill okay so let's not do that example all right so we will just do market always remember to do market okay in both the situations by ourselves that's always yeah by ourselves just keep it to market okay always remember to change this to market right just hit market and you'll be good but can we default this to market like maybe somewhere in the settings when you use your hotkeys yes but if you see now when we use the hotkey to buy it default to market now we are not using the hotkey to sell we are physically doing this sell because you're only buying one ticket at a time okay so until you get comfortable doing that you know just get in the practice of you know this is you absolutely staying in control right you got five positions you know you just want to sell two you're doing market so you're being absolutely in control doing what you're doing right so you know once you get used to this then using the hotkeys becomes so easy right now while you're doing this there's no pressure because you know absolutely what you're doing and how you're doing right then you just just just gets easy when you're using your hotkeys let's say that you're you're putting in a put hover do you have to actually click the p or do you just have to be hovering over just click the p okay and then your hotkey correct see now um i've got i've got okay so let me let's try that okay i'm gonna sell all these positions okay all right i've sold them off now i want to buy puts okay i want to go amazon and i want to come back to amd and buy puts okay so my hotkey for a purchase is ctrl b i hit ctrl b nothing happened because ctrl b is buy i need to instruct whether i'm buying calls or puts that's the reason why you click c or p
when i do c and do ctrl b it will buy calls because i click c if i click p it'll do puts and again it's not just buying calls or buying puts buying calls at the desired strike buying puts at the desired strike price that's where you go click that p okay okay so you click so you click the 150p and then you do your ctrl p or whatever your hotkey whatever your hotkeys are yeah okay and that'll give you the oh okay that makes sense yeah now yeah when you do that it does not does it automatically it automatically transmits the order if you have the check mark correct correct so for now you can remove that check mark when you remove the check mark it'll do exactly this you know when i do this and do ctrl b boom it'll do this it'll go load right now you're in control it's loaded it's not executing it it's loaded so from here you can either you can double check all right this is what i want i click this and i you know click this and go to market either it went into the order entry now i'm in control you know do i want to buy it or not you know maybe the the the entry can will give me an entry and i buy it but guess what in this case it's not then boom discard so the way the mesh had us set it up at the beginning is if you because i because the way i have it set up is the check mark at the bottom is on it's it's been removed so with that if i hit the control you know my it'll just go it'll go go ahead and submit okay so i need to add those check marks back yeah now if you see my check mark is still on but look at this when i do this the moment if i click this once and hit transmit okay don't display this message again and if i hit transmit that's it it's gone it's you know if i do if i click p and if i do my control b it'll buy okay okay so if you've already done that then the how how are you going to get this box you gotta go delete your hotkey configuration and reconfigure it is updated and you just can't delete it so instead you know just remove the check mark just remove the check mark when you become comfortable go hit the check mark and then do see now i got so comfortable loading my contracts like this i whatever i'm telling you is what i do i got so comfortable doing this right i actually like doing it this way better because it gives me gives me more because i was i was practice trading i was doing some practice and i wasn't ready for the contract to be uh to be filled but i hit the but i had the check box the check mark removed so i hit my alt alt 2 and it went into two contracts right so you know for the folks whoever watch the video later we are talking about hotkey configuration this check mark transmit the order instantaneously uncheck this so it'd be good this has been very helpful i appreciate it because no worries man i was earlier i was looking at it from the perspective of the strike price and the chart price the chart price adding it's not adding up so now this makes a whole lot more sense of of what i'm doing yeah yeah see that's why you have multiple strike i mean i have the exact same thought you know when i started right so you have so many strike price the point is you can go buy anything irrespective of what your price action is saying okay you can go buy anything as a matter of fact if i go and i want to load 20 strike price i can go buy any of these things right then the question is why am i buying buying to make money then the next question is which is going to give me money not the ones which are grayed out so i don't need 20 to start with i'll do 10 and then i really need only these two for calls and those two for puts it just comes down like advisable is like 10 strikes always 10 10 okay yeah it keeps it clean you know it's no confusion whatsoever you know i'll tell you i have a way better understanding now of what i'm trying to accomplish hey that's it that's it that one step and then you get comfortable with this then you become a printer okay

ctmrm91d06jc72h4o8v0All right, it's recording. Okay, so, um, all right, you guys should, you want to first go through the patient scandal and then, uh, go through the settings. You want to do the settings first or whatever you guys want to go, you know, feel free.Settings, great. I'll do both settings first. We'll do the settings. Okay. All right. So, um, okay.One of you want to share your screen. I can tell you how to go about that way. You know, it's reiterating for you to do it and then, um, you know, it's going to be helpful for everybody because my screen is already set up.Uh, it'll be easy to, yeah, I actually logged into the zoom in on my other computer. Um, um, I'll have to switch over if somebody else is not available. I was actually at work right now, but good.Okay. So Denise, that comes down to you. You're good to share your screen. Uh, sure. Let me see one participant, all participants. Okay.So you can share the screen here and you guys can, you know, while we're doing, you guys can at your own computer, you can do it and, uh, it just becomes easy. Okay. So we have a white screen.Good. All right. It's, it's a little, uh, uh, different. Okay. But it's super well set though. All right.So, um, on trading view, um, all right. So you guys don't have any indicators. So do we do the indicators as well so that it becomes helpful? And then we do the IBKR settings and then we'll look at capturing the patient's candle.So what I'm confused about is I went through the module and I didn't hold my settings when I was on the web version. And then I downloaded the app from the desktop and I assumed that when I logged in, whatever I had saved in the web version was translated over to the cloud, but it doesn't look like it did. Not sure if I saved it correctly or not.Um, but I can go back and add and go back to module 3 and add those again. I was having trouble also with my statement because like I'm not able to see when I switch between the tabs. Okay.So if, so are you looking at me? I'm looking at you. Yeah. Yeah.When I do a setting, um, I'm assuming that it's going to translate to every tab that I'm opening. Isn't that one? No, no. So wait, I'm not getting this right.
So are you trying to trade off of trading view? Um, I'm just wanting to set my line chart. Okay. Okay.Fair enough. Fair enough. So, uh, let us, let us, uh, and this is the question everybody has, uh, Krishna, I thought Manohar joined as well and Parth is there.Uh, same thing. You guys have questions for the indicators as well. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't mind, the more knowledge that's better. Fair enough. So let's do this. So Denise, let's go to, uh, indicators. Okay.So first look at the, let's look at the indicators and then we'll do the lines. Okay. So now these are the things that you need for the indicators.Okay. So let's do, uh, uh, just, just click the indicators, not just the, um, I think you pretty much have all of it, right? Awesome. That's what I'm saying.I set them up when I was on the web version, just like the regular, you know what? Um, and I set them all there and then my profile, I thought I was going to save to the desk for some reason when I downloaded the apps in the desktop and I logged in my desktop version, I didn't see them. Okay. So it's a sync problem.Um, so in your web version, right? So, and this is something that can happen for most of you, right? Now, if you see on the top right corner, it says unnamed right now, what you want is, uh, wherever you have the indicator set up. Okay. Go to that version, name it.All right. And come here to this version because you've logged in to the same, uh, you've used the same credentials to log in, right? It should pull in the same profile and everything will fall into place. And if that's not set, we can just quickly do it.Yeah. Then we'll quickly do it. No worries.No right. You know, click that moving average exponential. Okay.Click it again, please. All right. Now click the moving average, simple and click the, the last one, volume, weighted average price.All right. So now, uh, we will go and, uh, make some changes to all these things. Okay. Let's start with the EMA nine. All right. So you go, you want to go to inputs.Uh, all right. So, so typically it's either eight EMA, 21 EMA or nine EMA, 20 EMA. It doesn't matter.All right. It still is extremely powerful. All right.
So you want nine there, nine close zero SMA five. So you're good here. And, uh, and I'm also referring to my settings.All right. So that's, I'm looking up. Uh, so this is good.Um, so usually we keep a green line here. Okay. On the EMA where it says blue, change that to green.Yeah, that's good. Uh, and you have visibility. You want the visibility across the board, right? Oh, that's good.That's good. That's good. Uh, the one next to style visibility. All right. That's good. So you can hit.Okay. So yeah, nine EMA is good. Now let's go to the next one. Uh, we'll change that. Oh no, no, no settings. Thank you.Now let's go to inputs, change that to 21, the length to 21. And, uh, let's go to the style. Uh, you want the 21 EMA to be in red color.All right. You're good. We already saw the visibility.So you're good already. Uh, now let's go to, uh, the VWAP. The VWAP is going to be inputs.Uh, you want the inputs to be session HLC3. You only, so you can uncheck the bands, one, two, three, uncheck them. And then on the style, uh, you want to go to the VWAP and VWAP is typically in white color.So you can leave it. Oh, now for you, it's going to be, let's make them black. All right.Uh, and your visibility is only going to be in minutes. Okay. You don't want the VWAP to be otherwise.Let's see if you get it in visibility. It's going to be in minutes. Uncheck the text. Uh, yeah. Just uncheck everything and leave the minutes on. Yeah.So basically if you want to, yeah. Okay. So now you've got the EMA9, EMA21.You got the VWAP. Let's go to the moving average, which is a simple moving average. Uh, now the input for that is going to be 200.The length is going to be 200 and close. You want to offset SMA5. The style for that is going to be, uh, all right, EMA, uh, change the blue to amber.Uh, amber is going to be the second one on the left. Yep. And the design for that, you know, if
you click the line next to that, you want the, uh, circles, the last option. All right. The last option. All right.So you will see the circles coming in and your visibility is going to be across the board. Um, uh, did, did you have the visibility across the board? Yes. All right.Cool. Now, um, so, uh, so you're not able to see EMA. I mean the SMA here, because it's all the way at the bottom, but if you see the values at 2 to 2.33, okay, if you slightly move your chart, you'll be able to see the EMA.I mean, um, MA. If you push the chart up, you'll, you'll be able to see that. Yep. Yep. Okay. And you should be able to move the chart.You know, you can just, yeah, there you go. There you go. So that's your MA, right? So now you're on a two minutes chart.And if you change it to five minutes, you're good. Uh, or five, right now it should be 10 minutes. So that's fine.But see, and for you guys, you know, you can already see, uh, the values are going to be highlighted on the right-hand side of your trading view. Okay. Um, so the other thing that you want is your, uh, I stopped using the open range, um, can you just do the, go back to your indicator? Okay.Okay. So we did that. Uh, see open price is a little too early for now. You don't need that. You already have the volumes. You're good there.Um, opening range breakout. So when I started, we used to have it, uh, but I don't, we don't use the opening range breakout anymore. Instead, we use the open price, which is going to be a little later, maybe not for now.And, uh, I will give you guys one more indicator. Somebody gave it to me from the group and that's going to help you with the P market high, P market low, Friday high, Friday low. Okay.So let's go and search for, uh, uh, just type this out, please. Prior day. Okay. All right. The first one. All right.So now if you go to the settings for that, yeah, that's a lot. Yeah. Now let's go to the inputs.Okay. So you want the pre-market high, pre-market low, priority high, priority low. You don't want the current high and currently you can uncheck those.And if you scroll down, I same here, current high, current low, uncheck, please. And if you scroll
down further, uh, same here, you can uncheck. Yeah.Yeah. Scroll down, scroll that, uh, you want it. All right, cool.This is good. And the style is going to be default colors, whatever they have. Okay.And the visibility, uh, I think the visibility is already set at minutes and the hours, seconds, minutes and hours. Okay. That's fine.That's a good, so you can do an okay there. So you're going to get something like this. Okay.Uh, now mind you guys, when you're doing the levels, these are also your levels. Okay. When you do your levels in the morning before the market opens, these are your levels as well.All right. Your pre-market high, pre-market low is going to be a level. And typically the prior day high, prior day low, you know, when you see it for, you know, in an hourly chart and, you know, um, Denise, if you please go to the one hour chart, you know, you'll know what I mean.Um, uh, and, and there you go. You can shrink down the price. Um, and you can shrink the price as well, you know, reduce the size of the price.Yeah. Yeah. It go to the price and then scroll down. It'll shrink. Yeah. There you go.Oh, feel free to shrink as much as you want. You can always make them big. All right.So when you keep, keep going, keep going, keep going because it's extended out too much. Okay. Yeah.Now you see, right. All right. This is good.Now, if you go a little bit to the left of your, uh, so do you always have to just keep adjusting this? Uh, okay. Yeah. That's, that's a pain in the wrong place with training.Really does not sit in, especially, you know, when you are, when you see now I have, uh, uh, I have a window where I use the two minutes and five minutes, right. Then I have another window with one hour, right. And, uh, and I have another window separately where I have two tickers at a time, two or four tickets at a time, right.Now I reduced it to, uh, when you, I keep the hourly window constant, right. It's always hourly window. So my habit is when I go, I go put my levels in the hourly window and everything, and it saves by itself.Right. And, uh, when I go to the two minutes, I keep switching between two and five minutes just to see confirmations, right. The problem is sometimes, you know, when you're switching tickers, when you're doing two minutes, five minutes, you know, the alignment moves, right.
You just get into the habit of, you know, stretching it out and, you know, doing all that, right. It's a pain in the butt, but just do it. All right.So, uh, Denise, if you move to the left of the chart, you can, there you go. You see those lines, right. You see the prior day high green lines and the prior day low pink lines for each day, right.Now when you do the levels, sometimes it actually, it becomes a good conference. You know, when you do the levels, it will actually level up. All right.So that's, that's one thing. All right. Wait, let's name this.Let's name this. Rename this piece. You don't want to leave it unnamed.Um, go and rename that, please. There you go. Uh, on the top, you have a rename option on top.No, so they, you know, the third, the fourth option from top is rename. All right. You can put in your name, chart, circle settings.Okay. All right. So once you do this, what's going to happen is, you know, if you just open another window, another tab, sorry.All right. Uh, now you can do this one or two ways. All right.There you go. Whatever, uh, profiles that you have within your own login, you know, it'll show up there. All right.That's one way of doing it. Uh, the other way of doing it is, um, uh, wait, so Denise, each time you go and search for spy and everything, or do you already have a, um, no, I haven't felt like my favorite or anything for those. Okay.This is my very first day of actually moving those. Okay, cool. So let's, no worries.No worries. So let's, let's spend some time here, guys. You know, maybe the others, you know, you already have your, uh, list there, but let's just quickly go and save some of our Okay.So what I would suggest is, um, on the right-hand side, okay. Uh, where you see a watch list, do you see managed below managed layouts? Do you see a watch list next to the, do you see a plus? Yeah. All right.Go to the plus. All right. Now let's click plus there.All right. Hit that plus for that and click the plus for Microsoft for meta for Amazon. Yeah.Uh, for Microsoft corporation, uh, for investor QQQ, uh, AMD. All right. So let's close this for now and, uh, let's create some real estate here.
All right. You see, there is a line. I, there you go.Bravo. So all of this is sitting under crypto, right? Well, ideally you want all of this under your stocks. So all you got to do is, um, all right, no worries.So you go to the crypto and then, you know, just drag and drop it into stocks. So did you suggest that, you know, we have a separate views created for like a one hour, uh, two minutes and five minutes. Okay.I, I kind of miss where do you do that? Um, I'll show you. Okay. We'll come to that. We'll come to that. All right. So here, uh, we'll, we'll, we'll quickly finish that.So you've got Apple, AMD, uh, Amazon. Let's put it this order, right? Apple, AMD. Um, okay.Amazon. You want meta Microsoft, uh, uh, meta Microsoft, uh, Nvidia, Tesla, NVDA. There you go.You already have Tesla. So Nvidia has gone at the bottom into the crypto area. Again. And, uh, you have Tesla. All right. Spy takes by all the way to the top.All right. And what did your QQQ go? You have QQQ as well, right? Oh, there you go. QQQ below spy.I don't know. Okay. So you Netflix, you can bring it below Tesla.If you don't want Netflix, you don't need Netflix. I mean, I used to trade Netflix, but I don't trade Netflix anymore. Okay.So are you planning to create futures for X and crypto in the future? Or, you know, I mean, if you know, uh, you can just right click and get rid of it. There you go. And you have to get rid of all the symbols as well.Okay. All right. Yup. Yup. Yup. Yup.And all the way you've got indices on the top. You can get it at that too. All right.I mean, it auto saves, but you can just hit save below your name, uh, below your chart settings. All right. Now this is your primary view, right? This is your one hour tab.Okay. What we can do is we will shoot off of this. Okay.Now, uh, Denise, if you go to the very first tab that says meta, uh, let's see what happened there. Right. Okay.
So let's leave this view. All right. Let's leave this.Let's go to the next tab, Apple. Uh, now see how things have changed here. Right.Um, you know, let's double. So whatever changes you made, it's reflected here. So now this can be a five minute chart.Okay. Now what this can do, and you can do the little up arrow mark next to the indicators. You know, you can, you don't want the indicators to show up.Okay. No, no. On the left-hand side, right? Where the indicator list is that? Yeah. That one. All right. So you can hide the indicator.So now this, so what I do is Krishna answered your question is this. When we start the day, all right, my, this window will be a two minute chart. Okay.And then you can hide the indicator. And the first 30 minutes we trade two minutes chart. So I keep this and, uh, the, uh, and then I shifted to five minutes, uh, after 30 minutes, right.While we are on the two minutes chart. Now I have another tab and Denise, your third tab that says pipe right now, that's your one hour chart. Right.And that will always be a constant one hour chart because, um, you know, you need the one hour references. So I draw my levels in my one hour chart here. Okay.So ideally you need these two windows to begin with, right? Because when you join the zoom call, uh, uh, Somesh is already sharing his screen and, uh, you're going to see six tickers on his screen, right? There is no point in each of us having four or six tickers view for ourselves because it just does not make sense. You can watch his screen, watch your two minutes, because you're going to, to begin with, you're going to start trading with only one ticker at a time, right? You're not going to take parallel trades and all that. Right.So, uh, this is going to be helpful for you. All right. And here again, you can hide the, uh, indicators.All right. Um, so this is good. And don't be alarmed when you don't see the WeWAP on the one hour chart.Okay. So that's fine. We use the one hour mainly for our levels and the, uh, uh, especially the moving average, 200 moving average where it's sitting.So it gives us what not to do. All right. All right.So, so here with the settings, you're good as far as trading view goes. Um, if you guys want to do levels, how to draw the lines, uh, we'll do that also. All right.
So quickly, let's create some, somebody had a question. All right. Quickly, let's, uh, take some favorites.Okay. Some of the tools. All right.Uh, Denise, if you go to the first, uh, uh, on the left, you know, below your name, do you see a little plus? All right. That's that entire stretches your toolbar. Right.So the second toolbar, if you go to the second toolbar, okay. What you need in that now from the top second, from the top. Yep.That one. If you do the right arrow mark, all right. Do the star on the trend line, um, horizontal line and the horizontal ray.All right. Then you can do the, uh, uh, let's go to the next menu item. Uh, do the, uh, do the fib retracement.All right. Cool. And then, uh, go to the, skip the next one. Uh, skip that one. Go to the one below. Yep.Let's do long position and short position. Okay. And, uh, in the next menu, uh, just select the rectangle and, uh, that is it.So now if you see a little window has opened on top, right. Uh, in the middle of your chart, there's a little toolbar that's open. Right.So if you wait, did you just do the fib? I was trying to get out. Just right click, right click somewhere. It'll go away.All right. Now what you do is, uh, the little shortcut that you have on the body of the chart, uh, grab the left hand side with those little dots and, uh, pull it all the way down to your, you know, DC trading panel at the bottom. All right.Right next to it. Cool. Now it's all set.Okay. Now what you need is, uh, so you'll need only these tools mostly, right? So you'll use your long position when you identify a patient scandal before entry and prepare yourself. And we'll talk about it, how to do it, right? The same thing in the short position.And if you're doing, if you're doing some backtesting, you'll want the rectangle. So you put it there, you take some notes, and then you want the horizontal lines. Okay.To put our levels. Okay. Um, and, uh, you know, you want the trend line just to catch the trend.Okay. All right. So, so far everybody good or any questions you have as far as trading is concerned.
All good. All right. So I'm sorry.Again, you know, just so between the one hour chart and your two minutes and five minutes, right? So you said, just like Dennis is showing, right? So you, you just open different tabs and one is basically the other one is, you know, the other timeframe, right? But with PC. Okay, cool. Thank you.Okay. So, and, and, uh, it would make a little bit more sense when we start putting the levels, drawing the levels here, and then when it begins to reflect, you know, it'll make absolute sense. Okay.So at this stage, I want to ask you, uh, do you want to complete doing the levels in trading view and then move to IBKR or you want to, uh, you know, uh, what's the majority feeling? You want to finish the IBKR settings and then come back here? No, we'll finish this stuff first and then go to the other one. Super. All right.So let's do some levels on SPY. Okay. So we'll do the levels and we'll also do the PC.All right. Uh, so Denise, if you go to SPY, uh, one hour tab, I think that's where we are on, right? All right. We are on the one hour tab.Okay. So here, what, what you want is you want to shrink the price. Okay.No, no, you're shrinking. You're shrinking the chart, right? You want to shrink the price. Oh, um, yep.Um, so what you don't right click anywhere. So, um, now two actions, right? See on the body of the chart. Okay.If you go click the body of the chart and move your mouse up and down, okay. You will see the chart is expanding and contracting. Okay.You know that the same thing for the price, you know, you see on the right-hand side, you see the price, right? If you go there and position your mouse, and if you scroll the mouse up and down, it will extend the price and shrink the price. There you go. Okay.Wait, it's not doing that. It's not doing that. Okay.Let's see why it's not doing that. Your chart is misbehaving. So let's right click on the price.Okay. Wherever you have your price, let's right click there and go to, um, okay. Uh, do you see a check mark on lock price to bar ratio? Please uncheck that.Okay. Now try it. There you go.There you go. You're, you're shrinking the price. Now spread the chart, spread the chart a little bit.
Just move the mouse. Yeah. There you go. There you go. Bravo. All right.So you guys get used to playing around with this. Okay. So expanding the chart candles and shrinking the chart candles and expanding the price and shrinking the price.Okay. So you get used to it. Um, I mean, as you do, you just get used to it. Okay. Now, uh, with our first thing drawing levels. Okay.So, uh, so Krishna, you said you are on module six, right? Yeah. Okay. And Jalaj, uh, which model? So basically which module you guys are on? Jalaj, Denise? I'm on six.I'm on six. I'm about to get to just being, um, the second and last. Okay.Okay. So pretty much everybody's six, right? You know, done with six, right? I'm around like around nine. Nine.Wow. Yeah. Okay.So you guys did go through the module where he shows how to do the settings, right? The levels. Yeah. Yeah.But, but I think to be honest, I think that those, you know, up until like module nine that I've also completed, I don't think there's a much like, you know, yesterday we've talked about, right. About how you draw levels. But when you do, when you see people doing it, you know, I, I just get, you know, I get lost.Yeah. No worries. No worries.I mean, the reason I asked is just to have the familiarity. That's it. Okay.So we'll do levels two ways. All right. Uh, I'm still comfortable using a short key.Okay. Um, and Denise, you can do this, right. And, and each of you can try it in your own charts, uh, to draw a level.All right. All you need is alt and H, you know, click somewhere on the body of the chart and hit alt H. You will see a line pop up. All right.Now click that line. All right. Now you see the moment you click that line, a small toolbar got activated, right? Now let's change the color of the line.It is blue color, right? So let's click that and make that into yellow. All right. So now everybody will have a yellow level.All right. And that's what we need. Okay.
And the thickness is good. So, uh, and you can click somewhere else for it to disappear. All right.Now this, we call it a level or it's also called the horizontal ray. Okay. Which is, uh, the horizontal line, which is, you know, we just created a toolbar right at the bottom next to trading panel.Uh, the horizontal line is the second option. Oh, if you click that second option, um, and Denise, you can try that for me, please. Next to, you know, the bottom you see trading panel.We put our toolbar shortcuts. Yeah. That one.Yeah. Horizontal line. Click that and go click wherever you want on the body of the chart.You see these yellow lines for me, right? Now imagine this is like, you have a special power called horizontal and you pick it right now, wherever you click, you're going to keep getting horizontal lines. Okay. Now you have to drop it.When you're done using the power, you have to drop it, right? Click it. It'll go away. You know, just right click and I'll go away.Okay. And you can see when you pick something up, that toolbar will get highlighted, you know, it'll, it'll change color. When you right click it, it'll go away.Right. The reason this is very important is because let's try this. Okay. Uh, Denise, uh, try the fourth option, which is the fib. Okay. Click that.See, when you click it turned blue, right on the body of the chart, let's just draw something. Okay. You know, choose a point, click there and go upwards somewhere and click there.All right. I mean, you don't have to go too far, just a little bit. All right.Now imagine, you know, try to, you know, you want to go refer something on the body of the chart. Okay. On the left-hand side.Okay. Try to move. Uh, let's say you want to see more on the left-hand side.If you want to move the chart, how would you move the chart? Now that is still enabled. Now, you know, that's a good catch. You didn't fall for this.It's still enabled. Right. So a lot of people they'll try to, and don't do anything. Just try to move to the left. Right. See what happens.See, again, the fib gets, see, that'll, that's what's going to happen. Right. Your fib gets enabled again, because you have the tool enabled.Right. Until you disable it, it's going to keep happening. Right.
All you got to do is right-click. That's it. It'll go away.Then you can move around. Okay. So small trick, but it'll help you. Right. All right. So now we draw, we do a fib and you don't need the fib.We have two lines and you don't need those lines. All right. You know, you don't know what to do.Just right-click and you see remove drawings. Third option from the bottom. Yeah, that's it. It's gone. All right. So now you want to draw levels.Okay. And Krishna, specific to your point. Okay.When we say levels, these are hourly levels. Okay. Now, why do we need hourly levels? Right.Hourly levels are required for us to exit a trade. Okay. And the patient scan is required for us to enter the trade.Right. Now, how do you draw these hourly levels? Want to see where the price rejected or bounced on an hourly chart at least three times. Right.We're looking for a pattern, a frequent pattern. Right. And the reason we are doing this is because majority of the retail traders will do it.Okay. Now, when you draw hourly levels, when I draw hourly levels, when Sumesh draws hourly levels, maybe at some point in time, it may be exactly the same, but it will be very similar. All right.And if you take a hundred people, it will be kind of sort of between 10 to 20 cents variation, which is okay. And, you know, if you take a thousand people, it may be, you know, all thousand of us would have hit a point, which is just within the 20 cents variation. Okay.So, which means majority, majority of the people will get prepared to react at that level based on the price action. Okay. That's why it's important to draw the levels.All right. Any questions here, guys, before we actually go put the level? All right. So, now let's, you know, let's just, okay.Before we put the, draw the level, another important point is this. Now, the price action right now, let's take SPY. SPY's price action is at 559, right? And it's today.So, you don't want to go back two weeks, three weeks, and then start putting levels, right? You want to be recent, right? So, keep it within the week, right? Keep about max five days. And you, most of it we're doing visually, right? And wherever the current price action is, draw three to four levels on the top and three to four levels on the bottom. All right.
Because we are day traders, right? We're not swinging and we are not selling options. We are trading options, right? So, you want to keep it recent. All right.Now, if you don't see any action happening in the last three, four days for that zone, then you go a little, peek a little bit behind, look into the left, all right? Don't make it a habit to always go back by two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, right? So, we'll keep it recent. Now, let's assume we have to draw some levels here. So, let me ask you one thing, Denise, okay? Before we draw the levels here, okay? Let me ask you one thing.Do you see the replay button on top? Right there. All right. Please click that for me.Now, on the body of the chart, you see some, all right. Now, you went a little too far in the past, right? I want you to come to today before the start of the day. A little bit to the right.A little bit more to the right. A little bit more. A little bit more. All right. That's good. Click it there.So, what we did is, and this is how you backtest as well, right? When you do a replay, it takes you back in time, okay? Depending on what membership that you have, you know, if you have a pro membership or premium membership, it takes too much in the back and you don't want to go too much in the back, right, when you backtest. So, you're good with this? Okay. So, Ram, backtesting is just, you know, when you want to just confirm what happened in one of the earlier days, right? Yes.Backtesting is putting your, see, as you're going through the other modules, especially patient scannals, you want to go back in time and find out, all right, now I have this knowledge, right? If I go back on a certain day, how I would have traded that day, all right? So, that's what you're trying to backtest, right? And you're just taking down notes. You're not even trading, right? You're just taking down notes and, you know, putting your learning into a better familiarity zone, right? Okay. Now, look how your indicator changed a little bit.See, your pre-market high is giving you pre-market high, pre-market low, the prior day high, all right? So, when you are drawing levels, okay, your price action is at 555.68, okay? So, we want, let's say, three levels on top of your current price action. Probably you'll be doing this based on your time zone, you know, let's say 8 a.m. CST or 7.45 a.m. CST, you know, you'll be drawing the levels for the day, all right? Let's assume this is 8 a.m. CST. Now, you want to draw four levels or three levels to the top, three or four levels to the bottom.Now, if you have to draw three levels to the top, you know, you're only going to go back three, four days, right? You're looking left. But if you look left, there is nothing that you can draw because there is no price action, right? You see what I'm saying? So, Denise, what you do is, yeah, no, zoom out a little bit. Yeah, zoom in, actually.You shrink the, yeah, you shrink. No, you're zooming out now. Zoom in.
All right, zoom in. This is good. This is good.So, now, you're able to see more price action, right? So, if I have to choose a point, which is touching three, four times, and, you know, let's say the price is bouncing off of that point, what do you think? You know, and this is, there's no correct answer to this, right? You know, anybody can just take a stab or we can start with Denise, right? So, Denise, you can see on the chart right now, wherever you see on your left-hand side, you know, just use your horizontal line and click a point to the upside. Where do you think you have more price points touching? Is this going to be the very top level and then we work down from there to the middle or? You can do that. You can do that, but, you know, typically what I do is I go, I keep the price action as my current position and then I go upwards because I don't want to go all the way to the top, right? I'm only going to go three, four zones from my current price points and three, four zones below from my current price point, okay? I'm not trying to reach to the top of my level.Well, it's just going to be the very next level that I'm comfortable with. There you go. See, and you can draw the line there.You can just draw the line there. How do I do that again? Just by pressing the plus? So, what you do is, no, okay, don't get used to doing the plus thing. You will use the plus only for alerts, okay? So, what I want you to do is see the body of the chart, okay? Wherever you see is the actual point, just do alt H. That's actually a good zone.That's a very good point where you're holding your mouse. Yeah, there you go. And the reason why that's good is because, you know, if you go to your left all the way somewhere, somewhere, yeah, right there, right there, that zone, that zone.See, on that day, you know, you have the price point bouncing off that level, okay? And the levels here, guys, you know, see, it's not a specific point. It's a little zone, okay? Now, you know, the same question if you ask me five days later, I may give you a different answer where the zone will be 558.20 or 558.18, okay? So, treat it as a zone, a 10 cent, 20 cent zone, right? So, it's not a specific point, it's a little zone, okay? So, the reason why we want that to be a zone is because when your price is going upwards, if you're in a position, why do we have this level? We are using these levels as an exit criteria, right? So, you get prepared to drop some of your positions, okay? That's why you want to, it's like your traffic lights, right? You're driving on green, when it becomes amber, you're prepared to go, and you're prepared to come to a halt, that's why. Yeah, Chilas, go on, you have a question.So, we basically draw three levels of the price action, as you said. Is it always about the price action, maybe put three and below? Yeah, three to four above and three to four below. Because my first thing, when I saw this one, I'm going to put 516 would be a good point.Say that again, 516. Okay, so let's put a level there, and we'll see, did you say 560.16? 555.16.555.16. So, that's going to be below, right? So, we'll get to the below. Yeah, we'll do three on top, then we'll do three at the bottom, right? Now, that's a great level.
So, Denise, whatever you're holding right now, now that's a great level, 560.25. Now, that's a great level. Okay, and guys, also keep one thing in mind, okay? This is something you will get used to eventually, because now we have two levels, right? You have 558.10 and you have 560.25, almost $2 difference, right? Now, what happens is, you know, SPY, a ticker like SPY, okay, is good. You know, always somewhere in the corner of your head, you know, just use it as a thumb rule, you know, $1 movement, $1 movement, right? So, every dollar it moves, you want to take some positions off, okay? So, the reason I'm saying that is because, and we'll cover this, okay? And you can ask this question later, right? When we do the IBKR setting, you will, we will come across delta, okay? And you can note down and ask me this question, okay? If you see a value in delta, that is the amount of money that you're going to get for every dollar move of price action, okay? So, it's always good to take every dollar off, okay? But the thing is, you don't want to go blindly mark dollar, every dollar everywhere, but, you know, levels.You want to also see the maximum touch points, okay? So, fair enough. And what could be another potential level to the upside? Go on. Just have one question.So, when you're drawing levels on the upside, you look for the wicks on the upper side or the lower side? I just have one confusion when drawing levels. So, you look the wicks on the upper side or the lower side? The same goes to the down, right? You don't, you don't look, okay, you don't approach it like that, okay? What we do is, we look for, okay, I think this will help. We are looking for maximum touch points, okay? Now, that, you know, I'm going to give you a variable answer, okay? What it means is, there may be a situation you have about five different places you have wicks alone touching a certain point, okay? Now, you'll draw a level, okay? Now, there may be another situation where you have three wicks touching, okay? And you have two bodies touching.So, that is also a level, okay? So, I don't want you to think that, all right, I need to cover the wicks, I need to cover the bottom wick, top wick, body. No, all right? We want to see the maximum touch points, be it the body or the wicks. Be it the body to the upside or downside or wicks to the upside or downside, okay? So, we're looking for maximum touch points, okay? So, you cover that, okay? And now, and I'll tell you what I mean by that when we draw the next two levels, okay? So, Denise, if you go a little up, okay, a little up, wherever you are, you know, if you go a little bit up, yeah, right there.No, a little down now, a little down, a little down, yeah, right there. Draw a level there, you can do a control H, okay? Now, this is a level, okay? If you see, it's covering all the downside, okay? Yeah, it's covering all the downside. Now, I'm not even looking at downside, upside.I'm drawing a level above the price action, and that zone, at that specific point, has rejected that point, okay? And if you go a little left from that point, if you see, on a specific day, that was probably the high of the day and got rejected, right? You know, Denise, a little bit on the left, you know, move your mouse to the left, move your, no, that's too far. No, no, don't, don't, don't, don't shrink the map, you know, don't shrink that, just move the mouse, wherever you are,
yeah, move to the right now, please, please move to the right, right, right, some more, right, some more, yeah, right there. Now, if you see that zone, the price action rejected from that zone, right? Now, yeah, that's, that's also, that makes it even stronger.Now, if you from, and Denise, from wherever you are, if you move for the left, if you go left, right, that spot, a lot of action happening, it got rejected there too, right? So, now, what you need to do is, that's a level, okay? Potentially, when your price action goes up there, you know, it may get rejected. So, when it's approaching that level, you know, you will get active, you know what, I want to probably drop some positions off, okay? While you know it's rejecting, think about this concept too, you know, there's a blank, you know, first time you shoot, reject, second time you shoot, reject, third time you shoot, reject, fourth time you shoot, reject, fifth time, I break and go up. So, when it is, when I'm on a, if I'm on a trade, and if my price action approaches that level, I'll be super excited, because either it's going to get rejected, or it's going to break, if it breaks, it's going to go up, right? So, I'll be really excited to keep that, that's why we draw the level every day, see, I don't want to keep remembering this all the time, right? So, every day we draw the level and keep changing our positions, right? And that is all based on current price action, right? If the price has gone past that, now this will become a level for me to see my rejections, right? Does it make sense, guys? Yeah, okay, all right.So, let's do one thing, okay? I need 15 minutes, okay? I have to quickly complete a chore, all right? Just 15 minutes, all right? I'll leave this on, and I'll be back, and we'll continue, I don't want to break it. So, let's do some levels for SPY, QQQ, and Apple, okay? Now, you guys continue to talk, and Denise, please, you know, continue to share your screen, and take the levels, and mark the levels. I'll be back in 15 minutes tops, and let's quickly reconfirm our understanding.Does it work for everybody? Yeah, super, all right. And guys, while you're giving the note, the levels to Denise, you know, get to the same chart, our chart, on your specific screens, so you're able to give the exact value. You can say, hey, Denise, can you just draw 563.36, or 563.54, whatever number, right? So, you can say, and you know, write down whatever reasons that you guys have, just note that down, so that way we can re-sync all our understanding, okay? I won't take 15 minutes, max, I'll be back in 15 minutes, all right? Sure.I'll still go on mute here, I'll be back. On the downside, I was simply making the same as this. You may draw the first one on the downside.Yep, from what I understand, the levels are point-touching, and starts at great. Yeah, that one's good. Yeah, sure.A lot of points touching, right? Yeah, this is great. As I said, like, create each as its own, right? So, yeah, that was good. Yeah, like, so, point-touch and sub-point-touch, that's all.So, this one right here. Yep, you could click there. This is my very first time drawing levels.
Yeah, it's bad. Honestly, I haven't even drew one, so, yeah, you're doing great. Okay, so, we've got three that we've been doing, okay, and then, I think we're good for that, and then we want to do one of those to try on the board.Oh, I'm not going to be able to scroll down. This little bar isn't even, so, how do I get that? Okay, I'm going to do this next to show it in the ad. Does anybody know what is the third part? I don't know.How is he going to do each one of them? Oh, you've got a star market right here. Okay, what is that? You see, in this spy chart, how you have that whole bar near the training panel, at the very bottom. See, this bar, how do I get this from the other page? Try to get that on Apple as well.I'm sorry? I mean, try to get that in the Apple tab as well. I know. So, how do we, do we just have to go through and select them all again? Sure, so, first, was it cross? Yes, so, we hit current line, horizontal line, and horizontal ray.Is it the top horizontal line instead? Yep, even the ray, yes. Okay, and I think that is what in the, in the first one. Okay, now we want to get that.Get that, and then I don't know. Same start position. Which one? Both, the on position and start position.Okay. Yep, that's what I was going to do. Okay.Let's try the higher level on Apple now. You may start. That's fine, that's fine.I'm having a lot of work to do. You never know what's going to be there. What's wrong with that? I guess I was too busy today.Is it not showing? It's the higher level in the price action. Okay, so, so just the price action is just the current price, correct? Is that, is that right? Yes. So, I'm looking at my chart.I don't know, I'm a little bit confused. So, the bar, if I look at the candle, right, where the candle is at that point versus what's showing on the top right, right, you know, the numbers that, that like flashing and changing on the right. So, is that matching for you, Dennis? No, I mean, this one says 223.39 on this one.I guess it's just, you know, the movements. Okay, okay. I'm looking at triple, got it.I'm looking at triple Q. I'm sorry to divert, but can you just once, you know, just open triple Q for me, please, just to see if my settings are correct or not. I mean, this is very helpful. I know I'm following the videos, but, you know, there was like just so many questions, you know, not sure, but I'm glad we're doing this.Okay, so you're 473. It's matching, right, for you? Oh, maybe, maybe because I did the replay and I'm kind of stuck there, I guess. Okay, I got it.
I was, I was. Okay, okay, got it. Sorry, guys, to bother you.So, I'm using my, you know, just a mouse scroll button, right? So, it just adjusts for me, you know, like in the middle of the page, I just scroll up and down and it just adjusts for me. Oops. Probably, I think you're in a drawing mode.That's why it's acting weirdly. You can turn off drawing mode from the left hand side where it says, like, yeah. And now you can move your prizes, like, like, not that way.Yeah, go on there. Yeah, it's working for you. Remember that thing that he told me to change that I can't draw? Oh, you can, you can, you can right click, right click on the prizes, like where it shows all the prizes.You can right click that and just, yeah, that'll do. No, it's messing with my app. Hey, Krishna.Hey, sorry, did someone call my name? Yeah, Jalaj here, man. Hey, Jalaj. Do you, are you still getting used to, so how they're using these charts on trading you and executing that on IVPR Pro? How, how fast would that be, bro? I'm just imagining and can't, I can't, I can't go through, my head's not right or something, but.Yeah, I have no clue, man. I mean, that's why I, you know, I'm glad you asked that question. I saw Ram's comment.I'm like, I jumped in and then I saw a couple of few, I mean, a few more people. It is good. I tried paper trading last night.I mean, I think just because I don't know, you know, how to, you know, I, I'm like, what I'm confused is, you know, how do I, you know, put the stop loss, you know? Yeah. I think Ram's a little short. Guys, I'm back.Okay, we started working on Apple and I think we were just a little off. Sorry. I missed what you said.I was not, I wasn't reading my earphones. We started looking at Apple and we're having trouble going to start with the first level. I was, I don't know, like, how far up to go.I felt like this wasn't enough. Like, there's a little bit of up to there and then the highs and lows, but then it's a big jump to the next. Well, before you go to that big jump, right? Uh, so the area where you see the highs and lows, all right.All right. So you've got, if you come a little, little lower, right? Now, if you put a level there, go ahead and put a level there, right? So what's going to happen is you have four times, just in that zone, you have four times the price actions touching that level. And if you go a little left, there's one more time it's touching, right? Now, what you can do is you can adjust it a little bit down so that you can, a little bit down.
Yeah, you can move that. You can move that. You can just hold it and move it. Click it, hold it and move it. Yeah. There you go.Brilliant, right? Now, if you really see your, you know, that level, you know, in that zone, it's touching four times. Yeah, if you see on the far left, it, you know, it bounced from that level. So it's perfect.It's perfect. That's a very strong level, right? Now, your price action is at 223.45 and that level is at 224.74, right? So what you also can do is, you know, if you draw a level, you know, if you go a little left in that zone, in that cluster, in that cluster, if you go, you know, I'm sorry, a little right, my bad. Move the mouse, please, not the chart.Yeah, that's, no, you're fine. So wherever your mouse is, okay, a little bit to the left, there's a cluster right there, right there. At the bottom, right? If you draw a level there, just do control, I mean, alt H. Now, that's a level.But if you notice, that level is pretty close to your pre-market high, right? Your pre-market high itself is a level, okay? See, this is the, I mean, that's the best part of this indicator, okay? Your pre-market high itself is a level, right? And your pre-market high is sitting at 223.45. And you drew this level at 223.70, which is only 25 cents. It doesn't make sense, right? So we will go with the pre-market high as a level, okay? And not draw, you can delete that 223.70. You don't need that. Does it make sense for you guys? And you can click that line and hit delete, it'll go away, right? So did that make sense for you guys? All right, cool.Now, we need, we only have one level upwards, right? We need at least two more levels, right? So now, you don't have enough price action. So this is an instance where you look further to your left, okay? Now, here, what we're going to do is, you see that wherever your mouse is, Denise, you know, there's a cluster on top, little cluster on top, wherever your mouse is at, right? Right there. So try and draw a level that connects maximum touchpoints.Yeah, that's perfect. If you draw a level there, it, okay. Now, if you, and who asked this question? Was it a challenge? See, now what we did is, we draw, we drew a level here, considering the bottom weeks for most part, right? But this level is serving for our upside, okay? So that's how, you know, you get it done.But the thing is, now that's a big move. That's a $3 variation, right? Between the 227.69 and 224.74, there's a $3 variation, right? So you need something in between probably 226, okay? So yeah, perfect, perfect. I think that's enough of it.Yep, perfect. Now, that's your upside, okay? Now, in case Apple goes, you know, blast past this level, you know, it'll blast past. Now, you would have already made an entry, and you would have made some, taken some positions off at these three levels, and you would be letting all the runners go past.
You're not going to have your entire trade go past everything, okay? So does it make sense? Yes, it's a $3 variation. Okay, and you guys can do the levels to the, I mean, to the bottom, or if you want to look at QQQ and SPY for the bottom, we can quickly look at it. So can we, sorry, quickly go back to the last one.So where, the 226, right? That's where, Dennis, did you draw the level? Mm-hmm, 226.37. 226.37, okay. Yeah. And Ram, that's because it was touching there, like in August? Is that how, sorry, I wasn't looking at the screen.Wait, Apple, right? Let me also go to Apple. The reason we have 226 is because... So I see something at 225.63. That's why I'm a little bit confused. So, okay, you can do 225, okay.Now the thing is, okay, good catch, Krishna, good catch. The thing is, if you, okay, let's do 225.62, right? Now that's a much stronger level, right? So now that's good. You know, I did not realize, okay, that's just a dollar upwards.Actually, that's a very good catch. 225.62 is very good catch, okay? So that's a dollar move, approximately a dollar move. And for Apple, on trendy days, it hits, you know, it just keeps hitting, okay? So 225.62 is a very good level, right? Right now, you know, from the current price action, I've got four levels, which are almost a dollar out.It just doesn't look like it's to have it hit those three and four levels, right? Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. So Ram, my question is, so basically it doesn't matter, right? If it's like on the upside or the downside, it's probably which levels, like which data points are hitting the most on that particular price point, and you draw a level there. Correct, correct, simple.So nothing like a put wake or a lower wake from the upside, it's just like which data points we are taking most, we just draw a level there, okay? Yes, perfect, okay. Now see, somewhere you could, I mean, I think I understand why you're asking this question, simply because somewhere in the modules, you know, Sumesh would have mentioned about the wicks, and he would have given you a simple solution to catch these, okay? And that would be, and Denise, if you go to, you know, if you change this to line graph, okay? Right now you're on candles, right? If you go to, on the left, on the left. Yeah, that's the first one.Next to indicators, next to indicators, yep, click that, and line graph, yeah? So basically the way he would start is, wherever you see the peaks of the line, you go hit the levels there, right? To the top and to the bottom, okay? So now you're not struggling to catch everything, now you already have a rough level, right? And then when you go, see, for example, let's do this to the downside, okay? Wherever you see the troughs, right? The bottom, just put lines there, okay? Just put lines there, and then we'll go adjust it, right? So that's one line, and then if you come below, there's one with maximum touches again, you know? Keep the maximum touches though, all right? Okay, and in this, have you guys noticed, see, Apple also works like this, okay? Can you, have you noticed how many W's are here? How many W's are here? From the left to right, if you see, there's so many W's, okay? Double bottoms here. And then the exact opposite,
if you look from the upside, you'll see double tops too, right? So frequently it happens, okay? I personally don't trade Apple on a daily basis, only on trendy days I get into a position, otherwise I don't. Wait, where'd it go? I don't know.You're not an Apple, you're an AMD. Oh, okay. Where were we at? Oh my god.You were Apple. Go on, pick her up. How did I do that? Come on, you're trying to confuse us, Dennis.Where are these stocks? Yeah, right there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're trying to trick us now.Come on, we're all listening and watching your screen. I pressed, I think, my space bar and it controlled something and it switched to automating. No, you're fine, you're fine.These are paying attention. Yeah, so if you can put one more level just about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.One more level there, all right. So if you use the line graph, it's very easy. You can catch those three, four lines to five lines you can catch, right? Now, if you go change it back to the candles, we can.And is it always just this second one here? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Always the second, yeah, that one, all right. See now, and you know, since we're looking at the downside, you know, you can push the chart upwards so you get a much clearer view.Is there a sentiment why you use the white background, Dennis? I had started on the web portal with the black and white exactly. Then when I downloaded it, I just, I just kind of. So otherwise, you don't care, right? We can change this to a dark background, right? So it's a lot more effective, our darker background.Yeah, that's fine. Okay. I don't know, but you know, I'm actually loving this.Really? Actually, it changes from dark to white. But yeah, thanks, Dennis. I tried it for one week, okay? I tried the white background for one week, okay? This is driving me nuts.It was driving me nuts. Well, you know, I mean, if you don't have a preference, we can change it. But if you have a preference, then, you know.I mean, if you want to change it, you know, just right click. Well, I'm just trying to see, short settings. Yeah, right click and go to, no, go to settings, please.Here, there you go. Background solid and it's white. Change that to, no, no, the white, leave it as solid.And change that to a dark setting. You can do a black, do you know black? Yeah. There you go, dark, dark.
That'll work too. Yep, yep. That's it.How beautiful is this? Hi, one question that did come up when you went away was, I started this app and things worked down here, then I had to go and grab them again. How do I get them to show up every time I open a new file? It'll show up all the time, yeah. Okay, because I don't have them.I'll have that setting also that I need to fix. I think I'll have it saved that way. Yeah, so you can go lock it on your toolbar on the left-hand side, right? Your lock is going to be from the bottom.One, two, three, four, five. Fifth one from the bottom. So you see the delete? No, the one above, the one above.Stay in drawing mode. Yep, stay in drawing mode. All right.And you don't want to lock all your drawings because you're going to draw levels every day, right? So you want to keep changing your levels, right? So you don't want to lock it in. Okay, now it's here. Maybe it hadn't auto-saved by the time I switched over to that tab, and that's why it wasn't down at the bottom.Okay. Yeah, see now you have a profile name, right? So it will flow through. You know, any computer you open and log in, this is going to show up the way it is.So you're good. Okay. Yeah, I think there was just a little bit of a lag there because I didn't click save.But it auto-saved eventually, and now I see it's done. Okay. I don't have too much more time.Did y'all want to start? Yeah, I did. So you guys good with the creating view so far? Yep, absolutely. All right.And wait, Denise, did you say you don't have more time or? I don't have a lot of time. I have just like maybe five to ten minutes if you want to stretch on it, but then somebody else will have to take over. Okay.Oh, yeah, yeah. Okay. I mean, yeah, sure. Sure, sure, that's fine. That's fine. That's fine.Sorry. So I have a hard stop at one. I need to take a call for 30 minutes, but if others are staying, that's fine.I'll stay till one PST. One PST will be three, which is another 30 minutes. I mean, if you guys have another 30 minutes, everybody, you know, we can do the IBKR settings as well.And then, I mean, if we have to connect again, we'll connect again. I'm absolutely open for that. And Ram, I don't know if I'll stay all the way till the end, but I'm very grateful, Ram, you're doing
this.You know, I have been struggling the last four or five days. And of course, that stress adds up, right? But now I'm already feeling a little bit more confident and, you know, I see the support in the community. So thank you.Oh, yeah, no worries, man. My pleasure. My pleasure.No worries at all. I understand, right? See, once you guys get to the ease of IBKR, you know, at the end of the day, you've got to be comfortable, right? And then the real problem is trading and making money, right? We'll get all this out of the way. All right.So I appreciate that, man. No worries. Okay.So let me do this. I will stop this recording. Okay.This will be specific for TradingView. And then I'll start again for IBKR. So everybody's good for another 30 minutes? Yes.Okay. Denise and I get it. Five, 10 minutes.We'll try to hit it in 10 minutes. We'll see. But I doubt.But we'll record the session. We'll send it to you and we'll see. All right. So who can share?
ctmrm99d06jc72h4o8vgThis issue could be because you don't have permissions for trading options. If you already do, then this is a different problem. But if you don't, you know, this is a solution.Log into your IBKR browser, go into settings, and then scroll all the way down to this trading menu. And the last option is trading permissions. So click that trading permissions.And then go to options, level three, I you can go here, add it or edit it, go and select level three. And when you do that, you know, you'll get all this selected. So you go to level three and check level three.And you know, okay, and you get this. And boom, done. Hit OK. That's it. You should have this enabled. All right.Let me know if it works. Thanks, man. Cheers.
ctmrma2a87cc72vkc7e0Alright, what is going on everybody? Hope you guys are doing well. Now, in this video, or in this module, this module was made by my good friend who was, who started off as a student and wanted to help me out with setting up the interactive brokers because I'm from Australia, okay? Interactive brokers in Australia and interactive brokers settings in US and Canada are so freaking different. I don't know why, maybe it's because I have a company account and, you know, the amount of money I make, they count me as professional or whatever the crap.Anyway, so one of my cool friends started off as a student, Ram. He was like, bro, I'll do it. And he recorded about nine different videos and some videos are exceptionally longer, some videos are shorter.So basically, starting off, what's going to happen is, starting off, you're going to learn how to actually set up the account, interactive broker account. Then comes what are the interactive broker option trading permissions you need, market data subscriptions you need, how to choose the correct strike prices, and how to actually select the strike price, like technicals behind, you know, all this stuff. Then comes how to actually set up your interactive broker platform and how to execute trades on it.All of those in detail, like how to actually, you know, use every single portion of your screen, basically, it's making you money. Then how to basically option trading fundamentals, and then trading view fundamentals, how to set up your charts and stuff. Now, here's the thing, I do break down option trading fundamentals, trading view fundamentals, trading view myself already, but because he recorded me nine videos, I am going to add those videos under these modules, under this particular module.And now, you definitely need to watch how to set up the financials, option permissions, market data subscriptions, how to select the strike prices, how to actually set up your interactive brokers for like, you know, like hotkeys and everything, you definitely need to watch this. But towards the end, if the longer videos are confusing you, I just want to break this down. If the longer videos, like some videos, there's a couple of videos that go for like an hour.If those videos are confusing you, that's because you haven't done module six yet. Okay, I totally understand. Please, please just put a little, you know, note on your pen and paper, where you're taking notes, write it down and say, I'll come back to this video after I finish module six or after I finish module 12.Module six is how you're going to, where you're going to learn. Now, I'll keep it real. Up until you get to module six, you're going to learn how to day trade.From module six to module 12 or module seven to module 12, you're going to learn how to become a day trader. Now, you can start trading after module six, which I recommend, start trading after module six, slow and steady. But after module 12, something's going to just go off
in your brain and be like, oh my God, this makes so much freaking sense.But again, who's in a fucking rush, right? Who's in a rush? I know you want to make some money, but you know what, bro? Your urgency about making money doesn't mean shit, because learning how to make money the right way is important because maybe for next 20 years of your life, you're going to be trading. So, let's not rush this, do it properly, take notes, go step by step, and you should be fine. That's more important.You see what I'm saying? So, keep going, go watch these videos. And Ram, he's a cool friend. He's a good friend.Thank you so much, brother, if you're watching this. So, guys, go over the videos and make sure all the settings and everything is correct for your broker. And if you already have everything set up, sweet, you can ignore this module pretty much, if you already have Interactive Broker set up.But at any point you fall in trouble with me, like, man, how do hotkeys work? Man, how can I actually set up this whole thing? Or anywhere you ever fall into, like, oh my God, I have no idea what to do. You can come back to this module and you can just quickly go through the video and be like, oh, okay, this is what I needed. I got it.So, from this point onwards, you will hear Ram. And after this module finishes, you jump to the next module and you keep going. By the way, I just want to let you know, I know when we first started, because it's not actual tangible results you have to prove to somebody, nobody actually comes to you and tells you, hey, man, you're doing good.I'm okay. I'm not just fucking saying it just for the video, for whatever reason. No, that's not me.I'm an OBS person. And I just want to let you know that I'm proud of you, you watching these videos rather than watching fucking some Netflix, that tells me that you want it. And that sort of person I am, because right now, I'm not even joking, it's 6.15am in the morning.And I haven't fucking slept whole night because I was getting all these videos ready and making sure, so I was awake whole night. Because I believe in your success and I'm willing to put my time where I know you're going to change your life. So, let's fucking go.You're doing good. Keep pushing. And I'm proud of you.All right, jump to the next videos. And I'll talk to you later. Goodbye. Peace. Much love.
cttst86el7uc72rk52l0Yo, yo, yo, yo, we're here Guys, what is going on? All right. Give me one second Let me share my screen All right Can you all hear me let me know Everybody can hear me Okay Everybody typing in the discord chat come to the zoom chat guys. All right All right.Let's go About to share my screen Let's make it happen Alright That's a one share here Okay, and how do I turn my beautiful face on so you guys can see my face? Hang on. That's a one. Yes.Okay. You see that in the back KCU 2025. Let's fucking go My missus wrote that Hey KCU 2025 This is our year I'm telling you It's happening It's happening.All right guys Let's get it And she was like babe. I feel like this year you're gonna make a few millionaires. I'm like All right, I'll take it So a beer Yep, I guess Today we're gonna talk about how to properly Position size Using the bell curve.All right. Now this kind of is you can say a Better way or maybe just let's not say a better way, but maybe more systematic way of Actually maximizing your profits and minimizing your losses That makes sense. All right, that's that's this whole thing now I'll break it down.I'll give you a couple examples We'll take the questions. If anybody have any questions about this particular topic, please hold off your questions till the end I will do the Q&A And just let's stick to the topic Okay. All right Let's get it First point on our first point.Let's start now the reason why I personally think yes This is getting recorded and the recordings will be posted if you can't stay the whole thing Don't worry. The recordings will be posted. All right All right.Why is position sizing important anybody? Hey who wants to let me know in the chat? What do you think? Give me one benefit of position sizing like proper position sizing Do not blow your account. Yes protect losses go hard when easy easy when hard. Yes No, let no over leveraging preserves the capital Okay, somebody actually said all right the answer was that I was looking at Imran Confidence protect the confidence when needed.Okay, that's so important All right to stop yourself from all confidence exactly about confidence. All right CCC right now When I was putting this slide together By the way guys, look at these slides man, how bloody beautiful these lights. Oh my god.Anyway The position sizing so freaking important because the first step it's literally the foundation or the first step towards the risk management All right, so you cannot have proper risk management if you do not know how big position size Are you jumping into this particular trade if you have no idea? What's the systematic way to do it if it's not systemized man? Somebody with a system is going to take your money away from you period You see what I'm
saying? He said he's in a suit still waiting for some yeah, I'm gonna one day I'm gonna come in a whole suit I'm telling you Somebody said it's not professional for me to wear a t-shirt and trade. Oh Anyway people complain about all the shit the first step towards risk management is if you do not know when to size up You're gonna size up on the wrong trades. You're gonna blow up.We do not know when to size down You're gonna size down on the wrong trades and make least amount of money and they're gonna hit your confidence And then you're gonna size up on a bad trade So eventually it all comes down to you sizing up on a bad trade doesn't matter if it's a Starting from a good point of view or bad point of view It leads down to kind of like this It leads down to this one mistake where you're gonna size up on a bad trade and then Taking a loss on that trade is gonna be let's say normal position sizes. You normally do a position size of 400 bucks Say $1 but Because of all the emotions involved you'll size up to $1,000 and now you're down 30% as 300 bucks and you're like, oh my god There's so much money. I've lost Let's see if it actually bounces off the view up Stop loss has already been triggered Are you looking at maybe it'll bounce off at the view up by the time your view up it you down another 300 Now you're down 600 you like oh, man Please God just make it bounce one more time.It bounces a little bit Now you fully emotional now you fully invested into this trade now think about it What would have happened if you would have cut the loss where it was meant to be? All right took a loss Big position size and try to track it back to why did you do big position size? Where did it all start because this mistake that you made on this particular trade is not actually made on this particular trade This is the problem people try to journal this particular trade. Yeah, you oversized cool. Why and The why is usually are just trying to make money back No Why try to go back and track it back to that particular trade where you should have oversized based on a Velkov but you didn't and now because you didn't make the money that you could have made and Now you're just punishing yourself in a way but doing big position size now That's where the money is when you actually track it back to that trade And then you do a journal of that particular trade based on that.Why did I position size? Why did I do the position size that I should have done and was that distracted was a Was I invested into too many different? watching too many different stocks That makes sense. Hey, by the way, this makes sense. Anybody ever done this before? So yes or no, right but We do not trade We do not track the whole thing back to the original trade and maybe this wasn't the trade Maybe this tracking back was meant to be for like three or four days three or four days ago It was a mistake that you made but you you know, it's so long ago now You forgot and One thing about emotions, I'll tell you Joe from my personal experience one thing about emotions If you have emotions from one given day, it's like a literally think of it like This bottle you can think of like a bottle it has this much water and this is Emotions, so this is emotions and if you're going into the next trading day, you're gonna start off with this much emotions All right, you made another emotional mistake your water gonna be a little bit more the next day The emotion is gonna be a little bit more.
So the next day you're gonna start off with this much water Eventually comes to a stage where it's full and that's a day when you blow up And now the question is how do you actually? Fix this the day you actually made a mistake If you can't let go of the emotions on that given day where you actually made a mistake eventually this good is gonna fill up Because you're thinking new day fresh day every day. No, it doesn't work in trading that way That's why I say any money that you make without being disciplined is eventually gonna go back why because you do not realize but you bought your water bottle is getting filled with water and eventually gonna overflow and That's when you're gonna blow up. That makes sense Okay Now first step towards this freshman now position sizing Proper position sizing ensures you capitalize on a winning trade and protect your account from miss Alabama losses I had to do it man.I had to do it with Lords. They get upset but with case you I had to do it You know what? I mean? Like I have to bring this Anyway So it's just that you if you take too big of a losses man You done bro you booked because your water bottles getting full with emotions and what happens next day? We're trying to trade with full emotions How many people have ever? Not journaled on a day where you have fucked up the most Like you fucked up really bad, but you didn't journal you told yourself I'd know what mistake I made I will just not do it again, yeah Is it the conversation you had say fuck you in the chat if that's it. That's what you told yourself.I Know the mistake I made I will just not repeat it. There you go. You know what happens then You know what? You know what you're doing on that day.You essentially that's your body's way to literally Tell yourself that I have gone through enough pain. I don't want to go through the pain So it makes you believe that okay, you already know the mistake. There's no point in reliving the moment you see what I'm saying, but Your brain wants you to be poor because that's how it's programmed Right essentially what you're doing is you're trading the next day With this glass full of water what happens? This is not even one little room for you to be emotional like there's literally no room if One trade that next day if first trade that you take doesn't go the way you want it to go What happens? boom Overflow what happens then you fuck up The day you take the day this water bottle gets filled bro.It's not the day. You're gonna blow up your account I'm telling you all one day the bad day Shits going south is not the day you're gonna blow up your account It's always gonna be a day after that or within the same week or it's always the next day Because we forget to do the things that we know that we should be doing as a way of punishing ourselves For doing this stupid shit Yes, or no. All right now so what basically happens is What basically happens is we try to we think Just journaling is enough.Oh my god. I have so many people that tell me this just journaling is enough Freud Calm down, you know trying to calm down. Don't get upset All right importing your trades Importing your trades to trade Della is not called journaling Just importing your trades to trade the lies not called journaling.I'll say one more time Just Importing your trades to trade Della is not called journaling and for
people who do not have trades and like guys go to this channel Right here. Okay. It's in the discord trade journals Click on this link get Get 20% discount.It's best fucking journaling platform. You all need to be on top of this All right It's the best journaling platform out there I just want every single person to be on top of it All right Is there a module on journaling but you don't really need a module and it's just answering three questions Why did I enter what did I exit these videos on ongoing education? All right Opposition sizing calculator is worth using no or no stay away from them They're stupid Okay. All right Back to the game Importing your trades to trade Della is not called journaling and also just finishing your three questions that you answer for every trade Why did I enter why did I exit? What would I do better next time is not called journaling.That's called you literally doing Forensic report of the trade, you know what journaling is Journaling is not actually done on that given day journaling is when you come back at the end of the week you review Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday, and then you set up a List of your strengths and your weaknesses When you reflect bro, people think people just say Going you know you learn through experiences. No That's so fucking none. That's so wrong.You don't you don't learn from experiences You learn when you reflect on your experiences All right, you do not learn from your journals Journals are actually not there to teach you nothing But you learn about yourself more when you reflect on your journals and you make a little You can say a sticky note With strength three strengths they did three good things that you did on the week and three bad things that you did on the week and then you have that on your desk and Trying to do more of the strengths and try to eliminate or not do the weaknesses That's journaling How many people actually sit down on the weekend and you go over your trades? During the week be honest with me. Just be honest and for people who do not do that. Please say I don't Why? Why not you think you too rich already? Just answer me that you think you made enough money That's it.I just want to answer that my dad Yesterday I was talking to my dad and I was awake for quite a long a lot like a long long time I was talking to my dad and I said to my dad dad. All right, man. I gotta go.I'm gonna go sleep The only question he asked me He's like, oh so you made enough money today? Like that's it All right, well gonna get shit done, all right and again, what would What do you rather do over the weekend other than Thinking about how you're gonna kill the next week. What are I'm genuinely curious for everybody who do not What do you do over the weekend? Who do not actually review your journals? What do you do? I'm waiting for your answers. He said chill It was a chill.Well, how can you chill being broke? What the fuck? Alright, I'll keep it real Super fucking real backtesting charting Looking over you looking over just the charts by like the raw charts Is like it's important, but it's no more you gotta you guys you guys gotta start learning How to prioritize? Yeah The first priority should be Let me go over my own mistakes Rather than
reading some trading book. The best trading book is your trading journal Again, you guys are everybody got their own reasons man, but fuck me. It doesn't take that long But you know backtesting.Yeah, you hey as you go into modules, you you'll know All right, you guys got it man. Everybody, you know what to do All right What did what happens when you neglect position sizing without it emotional? Literally emotional emotional trading leads to oversize in position sizes, especially after losses and then consistent results due to lack of discipline And you know what happens in Your equity curve looks like this Hey, how many people's equity curves look like this here? So I mean the chat, but you know how to make money, but there's usually one fucking day where you fuck up Like you know how to make money, but you just don't know how not to lose money You know, you want to know how my equity curve looks It from last probably three or four years is like this Yeah, there's of course some losses and then comes a period of me literally just making no money. Absolutely.Nothing like this All right, you know the only difference What's the difference between this and that? There's just no big steep drops none There are I promise you there are there days when I've lost 10 20 30 50 K But comparatively to my wins. No Exactly knowing how to lose You get my point? If you do not have proper position sizing Literally gonna be emotional all over leading to all sizing your position sizes especially after you take a loss just trying to recover from that fucking loss and they're gonna lead to inconsistent results due to lack of discipline and Some some of you all already said that you don't have discipline to sit down over the weekend for fucking 30 minutes and review your day literally trades for the past week and Now how do you expect to be disciplined when the market is actually opened boom the gods of trading gonna come and just Bless you for one hour of discipline while in your life you do No discipline. I'm just asking questions.You know, somebody's just gonna ask you questions and call you out on your shit That's what I'm doing right now. If you tell me fuck you know, I don't have time because you know, I'm busy now You're full of shit Now just keep it real, you know, I'm not I'm not the guy you're gonna be fucking sitting here Oh, that's okay, man. Okay.No, I ain't your mom I'm gonna tell you fucking the way it is Right is on my bed the my bed, you know the The wallpaper on my bed is I'm sure somebody here knows it is literally don't lie to yourself That's it. All right You all know what to do. All right now position sizing back to the game the mistakes of new traders Number one try to chase your losses you Everybody who's new who do not know what they're doing or is not new but been trading for a while But think they know what they're doing the head stuck at a spot.Oh, I am NOT new. I know what I'm doing No, bro, you're full of shit. You're lying to yourself you have no idea what you're doing and This image that some people fucking create in their head thinking that they know what they're doing But in reality, they don't have the results to fucking back it up, bro.
Shut the fuck up sit down literally let your ego to a side and Listen to what I say with no ego. I have some people who try to teach me lessons While themselves that I've been trading six years. Well, I just haven't made money yet, bro You didn't that's like a fat dude telling me how to fucking lose weight Why the fuck would I listen to you? Is you don't then like miss Alabama telling me how to lose weight.What the fuck is you don't then? So put your ego to a side Alright, put your ego to a side if you do not have results to back it up You got it, there's no there's no room for ego in business and this is business and I'm sorry if this hurts somebody man, I really hope it does and Some of you all do this where you are big enough in your brain. You think you're not So every time I talk about being the traders you like it's not for me. It's not for me.No, it's for the people and for me Hey bro, if you Chase your losses and increase your position sizes after Losing some money just to make it back. You are a beginner And that's cool there's a I'll ask you a question you guys be honest, right? I do do women This is my wife true story and this is my wife and this is my mother-in-law They're both not very good fit finances Alright, they have no idea what fucking finances like when it comes to money, they both don't know what the fuck they're doing. All right My wife knows that she knows that she's not good with finances All right, she knows she understands Mother-in-law doesn't know that she thinks she knows Hey, she doesn't understand.She's not good with finances, but in her brain, she's very good with finances, which one's more dangerous You tell me which one is more dangerous Right so what that means is My wife understands that she's not good with money And if there's something about money she comes to me. She's like babe you the guy of fire with finance She doesn't ask me anything, but if you like deal with this done Mother-in-law think she's fucking she knows what she doing pressure Go into the details, but All right, same goes for trading for trading as well The reason why I fucking absolutely love people who are beginners is because they know they're beginners and they open they open-minded to listen and Then comes People like my mother-in-law, so that's why I don't be like my mother-in-law. All right, they are beginners, but their brain they think they're not All right second one making emotional decisions Allowing frustration or overconfidence to dictate your position sizing.There's no structure behind things You jump in two contracts on spy, but you jump in two contracts on Tesla thinking they're both the same fucking thing That's not how the game works You jump in two contracts on a Monday when you're doing Friday expirations, but you jump in two contracts doing zero days to expiration on Friday Thinking it's the same thing. It's not The two different things and that's why trading is difficult and that's why I'm not scared of some AI or some bought to fucking coming in and taking over because The sort of decisions I can make because it's not how to trade it's not hot It's about how not to trade and that's why the AI would not be able to fucking ever outperform me because I know when not to press the button and the result Big drawdowns account blow ups just due to lack of structure If you do not have a structure in your trading, you will always work for somebody who has a structure in their life
Make sense, but now the question now the question comes How do professionals approach position sizing I Don't consider myself professional. I still think I'm a you know, I'm a student of the game.I'm still learning and every day I'm learning. I'm every day. I'm getting better But you tell me after you hear this does this sound a little bit like me? How do professionals approach position sizing number one reduce after-loss? After-loss reduce the position size just so it's not about trying to protect your money and trying to protect your confidence It's more it's not about trying to protect your money.It's more about Let me get my focus and confidence back Just that This right here is that when I take a loss, I don't think bro. I Have I have decent amount of money in my bank. I don't go.I don't think of it like If I lost 5,000, I'm just gonna keep it real if I lost 5,000 My life is not gonna change if I lost 50,000 My life is not gonna change if I lost 100,000 on a day. My life is not gonna change All right But my confidence will change it's after a certain point it's not about the money It's about the focus and confidence if I lost 5,000 my confidence plays up a little bit not much 10,000 oh my god right, so I reduce my position size after loss just to regain my focus and confidence so I can perform better and then I Gradually increase my position size Only if I'm in the sync with the market If I'm not in sync with the market after every loss, I'm dropping my position size You get my point and then comes the key mindset This is this is a tough one. I understand for some people but Loss is a part of trading you You need to reduce size Just so it can protect your account plus it forces the discipline.That's after a loss That's how professionals approach trading that makes it a so far it makes sense Because now we're gonna jump into Belcov. All right Let's go Now comes what is the Belcov for position sizing The definition is it's just a systematic approach to scaling your position size based on performance during a trading session It's so zoomed in version. Yo, it's not even I am now.Here's the thing. How do I use? Belcov, okay. I Divide my ear like on a yearly basis then I'll talk about on a quarterly basis Then I'll talk about monthly weekly and daily Now early I Start off my year with small like one.This is literally Jan Feb as If I if I make money in Jan next month, I'm doing a little bit bigger position size in general. So this is how I go Okay Towards the end like after August September usually goes like alright, you know what I made I'm up Let's say 1.5 million on the year. All right, cool.Let's get to just 2 million you know just do that I'll be happy and Just drop your position size. So I do not take big big losses All right. This is the early how I use it Then comes quarterly if the first quarter which is Jan Feb and March I'm green my next quarter usually a little bit big position size.
So you'll see oftentimes that towards Second and third quarter that little gap that I have is usually when I'm doing big position sizes Like it's coming, right? Initially, I'm gonna do small position size up to March not small enough But still decent if I'm green on the gen, I'm gonna be big if I'm green on the quarter Now I'm gonna use this. Let's say if I'm up 400,000 in the quarter. I'm gonna use a portion of this.Let's say 20% as The risk up until I get the cushion that means I can be trading the first day of the next quarter thinking. Okay, if I lost 80k, I'll still be happy. Let me risk big So that just sets me up for the coming month for the come for the whole month then comes monthly I divide monthly into four weeks.So first week second week third week fourth week All right start of the month slow Then comes weekly Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Comes daily for straight and Towards the end doesn't make sense so far Now I understand it might be like, oh my god, but I do not really understand what's how's the money involved in this How do you how do you do all that? But think about it now at this stage we in gen so we started the year. Okay small and This is about confluences again All right, is it first quarter of the year? Yes again another confluence monthly first Yeah, fuck first week weekly First a was it The past week on Monday, bro. How many confluences you had? So hence I was playing with small position size You get my point.Now. This is not something that you have to think every single day This is something you don't have to think every day You I think about this on a monthly basis towards the end of the month. I'm like, okay how much I'm up Let me just 20% of this initially so I can build a cushion or give myself a cushion for the next When do I think of this every three months when when do I think of this every week? When do I think of this pretty much every day before the market open and this during a month? When the market is actually open this system behind it.It's a systematic approach All right. Now as I said, it's a systematic approach to scaling your position size based on performance during a trading session This is what I'm talking about today All this if you understand this all this is just a zoomed out version If you do not understand this this don't make sense Because if you fuck up today don't matter what you think of yearly quarterly monthly weekly if you fuck up today you fucked Right bottom of French, but yeah All right so what's the most important out of this all is Today what are you gonna do today? If you if you can properly trade today, you will be still in sync with the weekly monthly quarterly yearly The Velcro, all right now let's talk about why it works It simply allows you to capitalize on winning streaks while protecting against losses that's it. This is it The keyword capitalize on winning streak it reduces your emotional interference, but following a structured plan I'm gonna give you a structured plan now Take take out your pen and paper All right, we're gonna go over this Up until here.It makes sense See makes sense in the chat. I Want everybody to type? You will be a somebody not typing. Maybe you fall in asleep go sleep come back later Okay, sweet Now we're gonna talk about two different scenarios.
One is 5,000 Other one is 3,000. Let me talk about 5,000 first then I'll talk about 3,000 Okay. So if you have a $5,000 trading account, there's again multiple scenarios When you take $5,000 trading account, there's multiple scenarios for 5,000 and 3,000 what multiple scenarios are you take the first trade of the day? It's a green trade.What are you gonna do the next what's it? What should be the position size for the next but if you take the first trade of the day and it's red How should you go about it if you take the first trade of the day if it's green and then comes a Trade in the middle of the day after two or three to green trade trades. It comes where you are read How should you go about it? I'm gonna break it all down. So it makes sense.So for the first scenario Let's talk about you have a $5,000 rating account and you have a winning start All right, that means you start off and this is a if you follow the numbers, you'll be good All right. I had a friend of mine heartbeat. He used Harry good friend of mine or you can say my best friend He uses he used this on a $3,000 account took it to 5,000 and use the 5,000 framework and took it to 10,000 and pretty much just doubled the whole thing on a 10,000 like literally times do the whole thing.I think I Don't know right now, but He's a six-figure trade. I don't know if it's an early six figures or in the middle. He's a six-figure trader.I Just pretty much need to follow this initially and that's all. All right, so first step is Your first rate of the day should not be more than $600 position size don't drop it too much But that's the limit. You got it So that means if one contract on Tesla somehow is $400 ha Can you do to it'll be 800 now what happens you over position sizing? Can you take that trade? Maybe go one contract out.See what happens. Oh, but that one's 320 320 times 2 640. Oh shit It's over my position size.Oh my god What happens then if that's that on Tesla, you know, what fuck Tesla for the first rate of the day It's about saying no to multiple opportunities Initially when you starting on the day when you do not have any cushion on the day You're gonna say no to almost every single thing All right, your position size should not be more than 600 bucks if I'm trading something like spy Okay, the contracts are $50 boom for the 600. So wait Doctor you see what I'm saying? He said there'd be tough because you always need to trim No, it's about picking which stock to trade and being a little picky now you guys have heard me say Oh, man, I don't want to do meta on my first rate of the day What does that mean? My I have a position size limit for the day initially first rate of the day of a position size limit I don't want to fuck fuck the whole day just because I want to trade meta and they'll be all with this position sizing That's like me breaking the structure before I start the day So the first trade six and dollars now what happens if this trade is green you made some money Let's say you made 100 bucks on this trade Okay, what happens if the first green trade you increase this position size to 800 So what if SOP is 30%? I wouldn't be comfortable with losing don't drop it too much But take the best possible trades for the first rate If you're not comfortable, then you maybe stick with 3,000 or Position sizing even
if you have 5,000 in the account stick with 3,000 position That makes sense Okay, I Well when I was talking to Harry about this, how did you do it? He's like you explained this to me that increase your position sizing every $200 increment on a $5,000 account He said when I reached 10 10,000 I started increasing my position sizes of the $400 increment. So first trade be 1200 then 1600 I'm like sweet it worked so First rate is green increase it to 800 now Steve said what if you entered the first trade and you already in that trade and you bought to Date, but and you have to take the second rate Now is the first rate green not green if it's still kind of you don't know if it's green or not Stick with 600 still let us still consider that as if for straight of the day I'm sure you have heard me do this.You've seen me do this when the market is open Where us if my first rate hasn't actually done me realized gains I still take the second trade if I am taking like second trading at the same time I still do the second trade thinking of it like my first rate of the day Steve make sense Right increase it to 800 now, let's say $800 if this trade is green you made 150 If this trade is green, what happens second rate is green your position size goes up but goes up to 200 all increments a thousand now if you think about it, how much money have we used from a $5,000 trading account? 600 800 Thousand now we're roughly sitting at $24 Right you increase it to thousand Now this we'll talk about different scenario where this trade turns into a loss what are you gonna do we have I have a different scenario Fully arranged. Let's say if this trade is green. You made some money.You make 200 bucks the 200 is at it I have meat. I have this Scenario coming forward guys, please stick to just this slide. Don't jump ahead All right.What if this what if that what is this? Yeah. No, I have this everything Everything move forward, right you increase 2,000 if that trade is green you continue increasing Your max position size should not at any stage be more than I don't think it would be based on how much Capital you have on the day It should not be More than 1500 that makes it like that's the depth like you tap it done Now we're gonna go above it if you take the next way that'll be 1200 that's 3600 1400 that's 5,000 all cash used up if you have a cash account Right, so you'll be good Everyone this makes sense so far All system are systematic. There's no like we are literally taking all the thinking off the table 600 it's green 800 if it's green thousand if that's green 1200 green 1400 Don't ever be more than 1500 All right The whole goal is securing your profits If you get to a point Let's say after Thousand dollar position size you get to a point where you're like man.You know what? I've made 450 bucks. I'm happy Oh, I'm happy you drop your positions. I start dropping it down Start dropping it down to 800 600 Again doing it all increments where you were like man.You know what? I'm tired for the day. That's it. I'm done The moment you even think once that you're gonna walk away any trade that you take should be small position size after that Because you're coming down on the bell curve I'm sure you have heard me say this Man I'm tired for the day.
I'm done. Yeah We ever if you feel that way at 800 Bro, that should be the tipping point start dropping 600 400 to a point You start dropping it to a point where you can't even get one fucking contract and you're like, you know what man? It's just not worth it anymore. I'm calling it a day.Yeah So pretty much the system tells you fucking if you can trade or not, or if you should go away That make sense and that's when you just go, you know, what fuck it I'm out and This right here. The tipping point for people is the hardest is the hardest when you're actually winning and you're like, oh It's easy. Should I go hard now if your brain is fucking they have taught even once it's just to me.It's just a sign of It's like a omen, you know by the market maker or by somehow it's an omen There. Alright, I'm done. You see them said Don't just keep going to full fully 1400 position size after you realize man.Fuck. I'm tired Oh, no, I'm done. I'm done.This is it Alright That's your maximum position size All right You can still go for straight 600 if the second trade looks a little bit ugly You don't have to go to 800. You can still stick with 600 If you're like all this trade doesn't look that good First if it doesn't look that good, you don't have to fucking take it, but If you're gonna take it doesn't look that good. Don't be scared to still stick with the same position size and This I have points moving forward which talk about the mistakes that people make when they use in bell curve All right.Now, let's talk about the second scenario Which is five thousand dollar account, but you start off the day with a losing trade. That's it Let's fucking go, bro All right What happens when you start off the day with a losing position for straight being a loser? Begin with six and all position size your first that trade. What do you do? Keep next rate at 600 or drop it to 400 You pick You pick either the same position size or drop it the mistake that people make they go higher I want to make the money back That's what that's what newbies do.That's what people who do not know how that how the trade do You took the first trade it was the best possible chess move Literally the best possible move on the chess board. He took that trade Somehow didn't work. Oh, well Bro, the markets not against you market doesn't even know you exist Or market makers got me.No, they didn't it's just a random distribution of wins and losses of the system If you want to get upset about it if you want to fucking be a victim about it go for your life But it's just a fucking trade that didn't work You can't control that but what you can control is how you're gonna react to that fucking loss Most people they go out there and do a next position size 1500 Why because they want to make that money back from that loser and hence most people stay broke right So You have a losing trade Drop it down either 600 or drop it down to 400 done. Now. What happens if the second trade is right do huh? Let's say you lost 20 percent hundred and twenty bucks you lost You did for the dollar position size.
You lost hundred bucks. Let's say wish done and You took the next trade The second trade is right Which can happen again? It's just random distribution of wins and losses It's nothing fucking against you drop it down even further Do 200 300 whatever you want to do now 200 you can't really afford shit with that Maybe you can afford spikey huge or whatever it is But this third trade, let's say if that trade is green you have a $200 position size and that trade is green and you made let's say 200 but you can fucking make 40 bucks right 20% Now what you're gonna do is After that, you can increase your position size to 400 my bad increase your position size to 400 and then follow the bell curve It's a the goal is just after you're losing keep dropping your money once you have a green trade Slowly pick it up again. Don't just jump all in That makes sense.If you have three red trades in a row walk away done Because after your $200 loss, but you can't have it trade with a zero dollar position size That's literally system forcing you to walk away That makes sense. Yo, right so that will okay. Let's say if the third trade was red.He lost 50 bucks You're like, oh my god, man. I lost so much money. I lost 270 bucks It's still good.Yo, I'm telling you it's still good Right, even if you lost 500 bucks somehow fucking just following this But you walked away. It's still good. You know why? There's a confidence It's still intact Because you followed the system and this system is responsible for keeping Your confidence, right? But if your third trade is green Slowly try to get back into the game Done.All right. Now the third scenario is mixed performance on the day You start off your day with first trade $600 first trade is green. Second trade is green you up to $800 and now you're about to take third trade, which is a thousand dollar position size and that happens Third trade is red.Now the first trade you made 100 bucks out of 600 bucks hundred bucks. Let's say second you made 150 third trade with a thousand dollar position size. He lost 250 250 Can happen 25% can happen right? Let's say you lost 300 Fuck it 300 now after the first trade You were green second trade you were green.Now you're down on the day A lot of people fuck up here. You know what they go, man. I was green on the day now.I'm red Huh? Anybody ever done this? Only caution I usually ask people is And like when people go, oh, I'm red on the day and It's like the sentence is not complete you want to complete it. I read on the day and What else you want me you want me to fucking feel sorry for you? No, you just following a system Quit fucking bitching and mourning if you don't like the risk You can always go work at a fucking petrol station down the road. This is the risk Nobody fucking forcing you to be a traitor Hey, I'm saying I'm just saying the risk is took the first trade.You made a little bit of money, whatever Second trade you made a little bit money third trade shit didn't work and let's say instead of 300 you lost 400 and now you're Down 150. Why don't
you fucking why don't your brain fucking think? That Okay, if this trade would have worked I would have made maybe made 400 bucks But this was used as a cushion for me to land upon I'm not down fucking 400 I'm down only 150. Why don't your brain think that way? Because that's right.That's not a loss. That's a risk that you took for the potential report literally for the potential reward When I say get a cushion for the day, what does that mean? It's not gonna stop your fall fully, but it will still protect you from breaking your fucking legs If you're dropping from the whole thing and there's a mattress on the floor and not gonna fucking fully Save you but it still protects you a little bit from fucking dying That makes sense. And that's that cushion But if you were up 400, ha now we're playing different game, huh? But that's the risk.Hey So it's now if you're down 150 rather than thinking. Oh my god, I'm great on the day. Oh shit Fuck this fuck Tesla or fucking video or fuck matter matters always a bitch to me.No, it's not you It's just taking a fucking risk for the potential reward But what that's not in your control. What can work or how's it gonna work? What's in your control? That's a question Now you tell me what's in your control? What's in your control for? Exactly Velkoff. That means next trade.What are you gonna do on the next trade? That's in your control Huh? That means if you had a thousand dollar position size, you took a loss next next position size should be 800 why in the tipping point and now you're down minus 50 a little position size didn't work You lost another 200 Boom, you're now down 350 and a day before that you were down 270 Now you're down 350 and all of a sudden you're thinking. Oh my god, man. I'm going down.Are you though? Are you doing everything by the book? It is what it is Mark has been shitty, but when the market is gonna be fully moving You're probably gonna be up 800 bucks in a day. What about that? Well people start comparing. Oh, I'm down 270 now.I'm down 350. I'm fucked You know You see what I'm saying? Because because you have emotions attached to the money, you know what I mean? You're like, oh 750 that's fuck. You know, I'm down 20% off my account and Bro, you did everything by the book Easy scale down If you have another loss, that's one loss in a row second loss in a row scale down 600 To loss to loss in a row done It is what it is It happens That's it.And that's why that's why I am so chill about my trading gal. You have seen me fucking make On a winning day. I make so much fucking money on a losing day.I lose so little the whole thing is I literally follow I really really follow Belkov to the point My first position size can be over time. I have learned this my first position size can be thousand My second position size can be five thousand. I can go up and down by four thousand dollar increments I have learned over time because I've Mastered the game of this whole thing It doesn't make sense I can be thousand five thousand fifteen thousand Twenty thousand
position size and then go down from twenty thousand to five thousand position size really quick as a Belkov But initially but I still still still still follow a Belkov It's not about you know, how much position size I'm increasing.It's about am I following this system? Yes over time. Did I always go from thousand to five thousand? No, you see what I'm saying? Why should we start with 600? Why not with 400? That's like why do you? Sun Rises in the east not the west and you know, just you know, they're not at the ends, you know All right Sweet Alright sweet next But if you have a small account now, what do you do? $3,000 example and now this is where Some of your old brains gonna be like what the fuck why? Why bro? Why? Why start with? 600 Because in my brain it don't make sense. If you don't start with 600, huh? Like you're gonna need a little bit of you you're still in the game to make money You know, I mean on the game to play games You know $3,000 trading account you still start with 600 bucks.That's a starting position and that's Conservative size 600 is not a lot of money, you know Because you know risking 600 that's your position size but the only different thing here is You increase with $100 increments or decrease with $100 increments That's it You can decrease with $200 increments if you really don't want it, but you increase a decrease with $100 increments All right, and pretty much $900 become your next your max position size upper limit for winning streaks That makes sense. I'm not gonna break down the scenarios again here It's same scenarios for the $5,000 trading account that I gave you before same scenarios That makes sense to everybody. Yo, yes or no? What about bigger account 50k plus I would still recommend it's not about the account size It's about the confidence still recommend go with 5,000 make Increase your fire increase your 50k account or whatever whatever number you have still go with the 5,000 framework Make about 5k in profit then double it use it as a 10k framework and Just go with that number.That makes sense Alright What what about $1,500 account? $1,500. Oh my god that good stuff. Maybe just half of this do everything enough 300 350 Max position size 450 All right, it's a what about twenty four hundred and eighty four dollars in the cat in account.Oh my goodness All right How many contracts can you get for see I don't know bro think I'm an option chain Jesus Christ Amen Amen thing. I'm an option chain goddamn Now I'm joking It depends it depends when you look at the option size, you know, when you look at the option chain, it depends All right, three. Let's move forward How to add to a $600 trade if we get another PC, I love that So what do you do is basically treat the new PC as a new trade Because you haven't taken profits on the first trade yet so you can go same position size But if you have taken some profits treat it like a new trade that makes sense Do you like a new trade 800? Alright That's it.All right Let's move forward How the bell curves protect your account? Super simple. It just maximizes your profits. You just make sure that you crawled when you actually win in makes sense Imagine Monday you had You made on those winning streak going on 500 Tuesday
winning streak going on and now I'm talking about daily session bell curve Now you want to sit there and then actually make a plan for yourself for the weekly bell curve for yourself That means Monday My max position size can get to or my first trade is going to be 600 If I'm green, my first position size is going to be 700 If I'm green, my first position size is going to be 800 If I'm green thousand Friday, I'll just drop it down to 800 or 500 or 600 Whatever it is.This is a weekly one This is a Yo, everybody this makes sense But if your Monday is red, you have it either 600 or drop it down to 400 as a first trade Huh? We are taking the guesswork out of the game That's what we do in here So when you're winning and you're in a winning streak, you have the most out of And this is be honest guys How many people have actually won money for fucking three weeks in a row? And then one day you fucked it all up Same me And I'll be honest with me If you actually strictly followed bell curve on the day you fucked up What would have happened? Would you have protected yourself? So yes or no So do you understand the importance of actually following this and not just sitting in this class and not actually implementing anything that I'm saying? You understand how important this whole thing is? Yeah Knowledge is power No, knowledge is not power Implementing the knowledge is power Executing the knowledge is power All right So for the first trade on a $3,000 account If your first trade is green, you bring it up to 700 First trade is green, 800, 900 For the whole day is green Like if you have Monday green, first trade gonna be 700 for Tuesday Tuesday is green, first trade gonna be 800 Because you're winning You wanna have the max out of your winning streak But if your Wednesday is red, 800 Boom You drop it down But if you're red on Wednesday What are you gonna do to protect yourself the next day? You drop your position size the next day by simply following the bell curve The weekly bell curve plus the daily bell curve that comes with it Right It's just this whole system makes sure that you're winning and you're making money Plus it makes sure that your losses are limited Because your position sizes shrink after losing trades Your position sizes shrink after losing days And the most important part It disciplines emotions The whole game, the reason why I like my system so much Is I don't like thinking Me personally, I don't like thinking I wanna automate everything as much as I can I don't like to make decisions Because I make so many decisions all day Fuck man I don't wanna make any more decisions So I'm like, okay, based on the bell curve This is my position size, I can do Sweet And the system just works man If you listen to whatever I say, you'll make money And I feel like even you guys know that Need a little reality check Discipline emotions It just removes your impulsive decisions and enforces structured trading And structured trading, this is a business yo You see what I'm saying This whole thing is a business There's a hierarchy in every business So the boss tells his area managers Area managers tell their managers Managers tell their workers And that's how the whole game works There's a system in every single fucking business Every business And this is our structure This whole thing is our structure I can give you a strategy that works 98% of the time There's no strategy in the world that works 98% of the time But the two trades where it doesn't fucking work If you don't have a system, out of 100 Two trades are not going to work 98% You fuck up on these two trades And lose all the money that you made from the 98 trades If you don't have a structure Period You think it's the system that don't work No, it's not the system It's you who do not know
how to fucking make a system work I have people who tell me Bro, I've tried everything, the system is not working I'm like, it's working for me So clearly you haven't tried everything Is this what I'm saying? Right? Now, some rules to follow Start small Always begin your day with a manageable position size If you do big position size the first trade, you're fucked bro Because now you're chasing your own tail Trying to just recover from the loss And I know people who Over Saturday, Sunday They're reading a trading book Right? Saturday they're reading a trading book The confidence is getting lifted Sunday they're watching KCU Plus, probably they're watching fucking Andrew Tate bullshit Right? And now they're feeling fucking all pumped up Monday starts They lose the fucking They lose big money because Andrew Tate told them they're a piece of shit And they should be risking more Tuesday they lose a lot of money And now the whole week you're just catching up By the end of the week You just break even on the week Yeah? Because you lost so much money Monday The whole week you're just trying to recover And you finally break even Like what the fuck right? Hey, how many people do that shit? Where your position size Just because you feel so confident You feel confident about yourself You're like I've journaled I've done everything that I needed to do I know what I'm doing It's okay Now it's time to change the game And you do big position size Monday And you fuck up Right? Start small Start your day small Start your week small Protect yourself You need to scale up After the winch Gradually increase position size only after successful trades Scale down after losses Reduce position size after losing trades To avoid compounding losses And use fixed increments Just stop thinking The more you think the more you're going to fuck up You know why? I don't want to say this but I'm thinking what's the best way to say it Your Fuck Your brain Has brought you to a point where you are today Alright? Your decisions Your understanding of the world Your understanding of everything around you Has brought you where you are today And if you're not happy with where you are today You need to stop listening to your fucking brain And if you don't have fucking enough money Where you are today You need to stop listening to what actually brought you here Alright? If you think I know it But You open your bank account And you're like fuck I'm still broke No you don't know it I'm just keeping it real I was thinking of a nice way to say it But There's only so many nice words in my dictionary I have to go back to the factory settings After that you know Right So Whatever you knew Brought you here And if you're not happy with current position That means Something got to be changed Something got to be fixed In order to fix that Is I'm telling you I'm giving you the step by step process So you do not have to think Because I can't trust your thinking Alright The best decision you made Was Joining KCU Now I still need to keep it that way Where you keep making best decisions So I'm trying to fucking think for you And giving you a system The moment you start thinking yourself Guess what You're going to go back Right Okay So using fixed increments Will pretty much take Your thinking Out of the game And that's Literally What we need Alright Because that's like Literally my mother-in-law saying Oh I was thinking I'm like Shut the fuck up Lady You don't know how to fucking think That's me usually I was thinking I'm like Women You do not know how to think Fuck Bro Like Legit My father-in- law's Mom and dad passed away Okay My father-in-law's Mom and dad They were old Anyway They got about $50,000 Wait They got $58,000 My dad $50,000 from them I was thinking Where should I invest this $50,000 Yeah whatever You got the money Right You got the money
Everything that she taught Was stupid Or we never lived the life We booking a world trip Going to Few different Europe countries Bro What Like bro what You're gonna spend $20,000 out of$50,000 Because Like what Anyway Bro she knows you're a millionaire Yeah of course bro Of course But Usually it's the family that Usually it's the family that Literally Yeah It's usually the family that doesn't Keeping it real Most of my My side family My white side family Who is not in the game with me From the conversations that I know They think I'm a I'm a fucking fraud And that's the game we play Who gives a fuck They're like yeah Yeah whatever I don't get I'm keeping it real I don't get invited to Family events I don't get invited to Cousins catching up I don't get invited to Family get togethers I don't get invited to none of this stuff Or me and my brother We don't get invited to none of this stuff Like I mean Doll Poppy Syndrome Exactly So Does it work? Yeah But Is it that The way of saying Oh these guys are more successful than me Maybe it's so much easier If I just say Oh yeah They are fraud Alright Now I can sleep at night That make sense It's just a way They have figured out a way To deal with The pain That we were sitting At the same table once Now the tables have changed You know Whatever I don't give a fuck So Answering your question No She didn't ask me What she should do with the money The typical Indian mentality bro Nah that's everywhere man That's everywhere With my wife Family as well And she's as white As it fucking gets It's everywhere You see what I'm saying Anyway Better Less things to worry about Now the question is Why The bell curve Supports training psychology Alright First is Confidence building Gradually scaling up During your winning streaks Just reinforces Positive habits Alright When When Anything you do Gradually bro Slowly and slowly That's Kind of the best way To go about it You know what I mean So Doing Quick changes In Any business Breaks it down Slow and steady That's The best way to go about it Profits are never Recognizing their own home Fuck that's deep Alright Second Stress reduction At this point By itself It would hit home For so many people here Reducing size After losses Prevents emotional Overreaction Which reduces the stress Let's say you took Your first position Size $600 Next one $400 $200 You called it a day Because you can't Take anymore position size You lost Let's say $250 Sweet You go out Your Your wife Or your kids Trying to talk to you Say something Have a conversation You present Sweet No problem Alright let's turn the tables For a minute First rate $600 Next rate $1500 position size You're sitting in there For fucking hopes Now instead of $1250 You're down $2250 A little less than Half the account Now you're going out Your kids and your wife Want to have a conversation Boom What You tell me What's happening You're there But you're not there And then If your wife's like Oh let's go Let's go to the Grocery store We want some groceries You're going to be like Shut the fuck up All you worry about Is fucking spending money Bro you lost $2250 And she can't have A fucking $100 worth Of fucking groceries What the fuck Oh my god You can lose Fucking $2000 Being stupid And your kid can't have A fucking $50 dollar toy Oh no it's too expensive Like wow You serious You see what I'm saying And that Eventually Leads to You being so snappy And everything Leads to Family problems And the family problems Lead to Stress Stress leads to You fucking up And that leads to More family problems And that leads to Your wife literally Telling you Fuck off Yeah If I was your wife I'll do the same I'll probably chop your dick off One you're losing the money And second you fucking Want to be the boss For no reason You see what I'm saying And then Donald Sparrow Here you go Boom Bro there was a dude That we had There was a dude
That we had in the chat This scenario Exactly what happened I can tell you how to Fucking get to the water Can't make you drink the water You get my point Alright now Third And it focuses Maintenance What that means is Structure sizing Keeps you in the zone Minimizing distractions That make sense He lost his fam He lost his 401k He refinanced the house Lost that Then lost his wife And two kids And then he tried to Blame it on me And then he got kicked out Yeah Yeah The worst possible fucking way That he tried to blame on me That Because of you I lost my family And I lost everything I'm like bro Not fucking my fault He can't blame me For you being stupid What the fuck Like Serious Then he got kicked out No actually He was never in KSU He was a part of Mastermind Before this Yeah But the dude lost All his savings Then he lost his His 401k Then he lost Then he refinanced the house And dumped it on Earnings On one earnings Thinking they're gonna They're gonna change his fucking life My right hand to God If I'm fucking bullshitting And that's when everything Everything going down Like And then you blame me What the fuck Bro when was the last time How many people have been here The longest Have you ever Fucking seen me play earnings Ever Me playing earnings Where I'm like I'm doing this calls For earnings I never do that shit Man I'm too talented To fucking make money You see what I'm saying Like no Fuck no Yeah And the worst thing that a gambler Worst thing that can happen To a gambler My dad says this All the time The worst thing that can happen To a gambler Is that he wins Because once he wins He's fucked Right No FOMC No earning None of that stuff Yeah exactly Alright To stay in the zone You gotta Have your structured Position sizing It just minimizes The distractions Alright If you don't have this You know People Hey You guys watch the movie Matrix Yeah Then you know What I mean When I say Women in the red dress If you do not have A structured approach You know what The distractions The women in the red dress Start becoming Attractive and attractive That means The trade that you About to take next Gonna look more attractive And what happens then You do You don't have a structure You did say 1000 dollar position size Now you'll do 4000 dollar position size And you end up Fucking losing it And now you Distracted So This Keeps you away From getting Distracted Now practical application This game is This whole thing Is best for Day traders Especially us Who trade options It's good for People who trade futures It's good for Any type of day traders No matter who it is For traders We're looking to Manage your risk And optimize your performance That means Optimizing your performance Means when you're winning You win like this When you're losing Instead of losing like this You lose like this Yeah How many people here Would actually fucking kill To lose like this Like you're like Fuck man I'll actually kill somebody To fucking lose In this way And not this way Right I'm giving I'm literally Giving you When you lose You lose like this And not like this I'm giving you the framework Now the Thing comes When to avoid Bell curve altogether If you don't understand this You can You'll fuck up on a Day when you should not Be fucking up Please Pay attention This is Literally two points That I have Please pay attention When to avoid this On highly Volatile days With unpredictable Market conditions You know When the day's markets Going up and down Like this Bro Just avoid Trading altogether If you're gonna trade Don't make a bell curve Make it this Or make it this Don't make a bell curve Keep Either 600 Or 600 to 500 To 400 Like whatever That make sense You know the days That I'm talking about When the markets Going like fucking All markets Playing like This day right here We all know these days And it's fully Unpredictable
Even on this Right here Market pulling back Like this The wicks and shit Like that fucking You know Even you know You can't make money here If you're gonna trade this You can't make money here Bro You see what I'm saying So If you see the market conditions With the wicks Up and down Left and right What do you do? You try to avoid the thing Altogether Right And now What happens is If you have a 600 dollar Position size here Green Next is 800 dollars But on this 800 dollar position size You didn't follow LTP Please Please Please pay attention here On this 800 dollar position size You didn't follow LTP What do you do? Do you go on the next trade With it And you're still green Hey You still made money Do you go on the next trade 1000 dollar position size You need to avoid The bell curve Altogether If you deviate From your tested Strategy You go to 1000 dollars Where you made money By being stupid 1000 You're gonna be Again stupid Then you're gonna blow up That makes sense So Two points That you need to avoid The bell curve altogether Is when the market Is absolute Dog shit Second When you're not Actually following LTP That makes sense Everybody Say yes or no That makes sense Up until here Everything makes sense Come on guys Everybody Start typing Alright Sweet Okay Right Now Position sizing With bell curve Quick little Quick little Recap of what We have done so far First Start small Begin with a manageable Position Scale up Increase Your size During your winning streak Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday First trade Second trade Third trade For the days And for the week You're gonna sit What you're gonna do After this call You're gonna sit there And before you even get out Thinking that you have Oh my god I've done so much work And I'm like so tired But it's me who's talking From last two hours You see what I'm saying So sit there quietly While this information Is fresh in your brain Make a plan for yourself What's your Gonna be your first trade Position size For Monday Is it You're gonna start at $500 $600 What's gonna be that Okay Then scale down First trade is gonna be $600 You're gonna scale down Down to $400 Okay Okay Then comes Protecting your capital Use fixed increments As structured adjustments Please I mean it Stop relying on your brain Your brain's not gonna Make you rich If it was You'd already be rich So But you're not So I'm just saying You know what I mean All right Last one Stay disciplined Follow this plan No matter what You have a better plan I don't care This is the plan That worked for me Has worked for so many Other people You follow it You make money Okay Now Thank you so much That's the session That I have for you guys If this session was good I'm gonna record A little video If this session was What you bloody wanted And this session Was the best session Say Let's fucking go in the chat Let me see Hey let me Let me see some Come on If this session was What you wanted Position sizing How to win More money Come on Say let's fucking go in the chat Look at that Oh my god Oh la la Oh no Look at that Yo That's love That's what people Who are winning like Come on Let's go I love I love I love Let's get it guys That's it That's all I have for you guys I freaking love it You all know what to do Will the slides be shared Yes I will share the slides With These If you want Should I keep the All these My writings and everything on it Keep the writing And stuff here Alright Done Yo Let's fucking go You all know what to do Like Let's fucking get it guys You know what to do tomorrow And this year This is literally The tip of the iceberg What I have planned For this year This is like The first one Welcome to 2025 Only practical stuff They're gonna make you More money More money Let's fucking get it Alright It said What do you do When the trade is not A plus trade If the trade is not A plus trade And you know it's not A plus
trade Why the fuck Would you trade it Huh You know what I'm saying That's like If you have A opportunity To go out With a 10 Or You wanna Pick a 1 It's not a tough choice It's very very easy choice You know what I mean Fuck me Like I still I'm not doing Body shaming or nothing But 10 is a 10 1 is a 1 And you have a choice Fuck What the fuck Anyway I'm young I'm 25 Please anybody who is older And you get upset Me saying this stuff No I'm young And I sometimes Do think from my balls Which is not the best thing But it is what it is Anyway Alright guys I'm just saying I'm just keeping it real I'm young Alright I'm outta here You guys have fun Peace Bro Alright guys I'm outta here You guys have fun alright Peace Goodbye
cm59k7fgsfls72uqml50Alright, what is going on fam? Hope you are having the best day of your entire life So in this video like I'm gonna do next say Nine videos are going to be my rules Individual rules that I follow for my trading every single day. These rules are not just the rules These are principles that I live by. These are not just the principles.This is literally a way of trading This is way of life for me. Okay, and they're gonna be fun. We're gonna get to it We're gonna get to the root cause and we're gonna literally Talk about How should you kind of go about? Trading and these gonna be small videos.They're not gonna be like 10 minute long. They're gonna be quick three four minute long videos and We're gonna break things down. Alright, the first point here is we're gonna start treating Trading like a business like I see a lot of people make this mistake fam a lot of people actually make this mistake where They do not treat trading like a business.I trading bro. The reason why we trade is Like his here you right? This is you You make money from your job All right, your job gives you money, but how does the job gives you money? The job has a business where they make profit and they share a little bit with you and 50 others like you right But what makes them money is the business? That's how they're able to pay you right people do the jobs and just consider all yeah I was just gonna do the job, but they don't consider how the business fucking makes money Same goes in trading you will not be able to live the life from your trading unless or until you start treating Trading like your business. Okay trading is a business, but let's talk about it now First things first, you're gonna start respecting your cash and your account size Now see this a lot of time people do.Oh, I have $5,000 trading account. It's a small account. No, it doesn't matter Respect your cash.That's literally saying. Oh, yeah, I have a wife, but you know, she's a fat fucking wife Bro, what the fuck? She's a wife. You gotta respect your fucking wife, right? Why are you giving it a label? You see what I'm saying? Respect your cash.Don't stop giving it a label. Oh, it's a small account. It's a very small notes Whatever you have you have in your trading account Respect your cash respect your account size Okay, but like most businesses fam You can't expect to be profitable just during the first month of opening if you're new to the industry Let's say you're new to the industry And you are expecting that you're gonna start making money as soon as you start the business It doesn't work this way, right? It takes a lot of capital.For example, we want to open a cafe You need a coffee machine. You need how many things you need? You need a doping cafe coffee machine barista a fridge and the stuff that goes in the fridge sandwich fucking makers and you know all sort of stuff you need To buy coffee. You need to buy cups.
You need to buy sugar. You need to buy the equal splendors or whatever called You need to buy different sort of nooks you need to fucking have chairs, you know table set up the shop So many so much investment goes before you sell the first cup of coffee But what makes you think you're gonna start making money the moment you start the business No, this is an investment you did money in your trading account is an investment be you start thinking of it Like all right, I'm not gonna be profitable for one one month two months three months six months. It's okay Okay, because at the end of the day some businesses take years before they become profitable.It's just just the statistics, right? And trading is a business as well Now remember to pay yourself at the end of each week like you get paid every week Why we you know bi-weekly or every month? Remember to pay yourself at the end of each week if you took your 5k account to 10k In a week you take out 5k This is the game we plan. All right, remember to pay yourself some traders try to continuously grow their account But it can backfire if you incur a big loss on any given day like I see these people do this I took my account from 500 5k to $200,000 and then I lost the $200,000 why? Some traders try to continuously grow their account But you can backfire if you have no idea what you're doing and sometimes this can happen to the best of us Okay, so keep taking money out and invest the money as we discussed in the previous videos as well. Okay If you look at trading as a means to get rich quickly You are more likely to fail because of your poor mentality the mentality is fucked all right, because at the end of the day the more time you invest in learning to improve and Just learn about yourself the higher chances of you becoming successful with option trading.It's a game we playing See what I'm saying? Everything that we do is pretty much a business everything the reason I'm recording this video is This recorder that I have and I pay monthly for their recorder. It's a business this mic that I'm recording on It's a business the AP that I'm wearing. It's a business Everything is a business to spend company is in a business everything that you have around you is a business Okay, learn things from things that are around you.You're gonna start learning from those things Okay, everything is a business what makes a successful company successful what makes this Apple company This Apple little power bank that I have what makes this Apple company successful They spend on talent. They take money whatever they make They invest the money they leave some portion cash. They keep Upgrading the systems the software's keep updating on their phones There's always a better phone every year they have they kind of go into different ventures like or laptops MacBooks or iMacs iPad iPhone headphones airpods Fucking charges, you know, there's so many like iCloud or fucking this so much stuff to do See what I'm saying? Because it's a business Look at your businesses around you like this webcam.This is literally a phone that's hanging there as a webcam Now they made the quality of this webcam so good Why the other webcams the quality is so shit. I don't want to use it. So I bought a phone put it as a webcam Why? Think about this.They solved the problem. They got my money You see what I'm saying? Same thing in your
trading you you see your webcam is foggy Okay, what do you need to do solve the problem you see some something you do in your trading is literally wrecking you up as You need to solve the problem and come out with a better product come out with a better you You are the business So start treating trading like a business. It's a business we do.We're not doing this for fun Sometimes we forget The free time that we have is because of trading So if you do not improve on your free time the free time is gonna start diminishing and you will never be able to get rich Alright so take time to learn to improve to learn about yourself to learn about your surroundings your environment And there's more chances that you will become successful. Otherwise, there's zero chances friend. I promise you this All right, we do this for not for fun.We do this because you want to make money. All right All right You're doing good. Keep the momentum going jump to the next video and we'll talk about something cool
cm59k7liqrtc72ugvrtgAlright, what's going on fam, welcome back to another video. In this video we're going to talk about the next point that I have, the next rule that I have, the next principle that I have, which is never hold your bags. What do I mean by that? Alright, holding your bag simply means, the first point that I have is sunken cost fallacy.It's an economic term where we are like, you know, we go, oh I've already spent three hours on this thing man, I may as well finish it off, even though you know this is not working. I'll give you one example, for one of my businesses that we have, or we had back in the day, we were trying to get this new, you know, design of, anyway, I'll give you, maybe I'll give you another example, better. Let's say you have a cafe, right, um, you think your cafe is not performing well because you do not have, um, you do not have, you know, good fucking surroundings, or you know, you don't have good fittings in the shop, or you know, table, chair, fucking whatever it is, and you start fixing it.You're halfway there, or you, you know, you've done the walls, you're on the chairs, but you see the walls have no difference, like it didn't make any difference. People come, they get a coffee, they leave, they never ever want to come again. You're like, it's not working man, what's not working? Alright, you know what, someone tells you, maybe, maybe our coffee beans are shit, maybe we need to update the coffee beans.So what do you do? You go out there and you buy new coffee beans. You better, better coffee beans. Now, um, people come, they're like, damn, this is a good coffee.So what happens? They start coming. Now, um, you go, alright, this is working, you know what, but instead of this, let me just keep fixing the shop because I already started, already dumped like 50k on it, I may as well finish, there's gonna be another 20k, I may as well just finish it. That's sunken cost fallacy.You already know now, what was the problem? The problem was the coffee beans. Now, instead of actually fixing the coffee beans, what you're doing is you're getting everything ready because of the sunken cost fallacy. You're like, man, I already spent so much time in it, I already spent so much money in it, I may as well finish, right? That's sunken cost fallacy.And we do this with, we traders do this as well, right? Especially the beginner traders do this a lot. So sunken cost fallacy would be something like, oh, you know what, I'm down 50% on the trade already, or I'm down 70% on the trade already, I may as well hold this. I'm down $700 already, I may as well hold this.You know what happens then? It's sunken cost fallacy. You're like, alright man, I'm already going down, you know, oh well, it is what it is. You know what happens with this? Holding your bags is one of the most common habits, it doesn't, it's not just with traders.
I promise you, this just not happens with just traders. This happens pretty much everywhere around you. If you want to look at some of the companies that started doing some stupid shit and sunken cost fallacy, they failed.There's so many companies, I don't want to label anybody's name here on this video, but there's so many companies out there just search sunken cost fallacy on S&P 500 companies. There's literally companies that went out of business because they failed to realize that they are literally following their tail and they're going to go down. So holding your bags is one of the most common habits, everybody does it.Your school teachers, your mom and dad, everybody does this. But as a trader, if you want to make money, you can't be doing this. It may work 70-80% of the time.It may work. You see what I'm saying? It might work. You hold this and the market turned around and you started fucking getting money, it may work.But however, if you continue taking this approach, if you continue this flawed strategy, one day you will average down too much and you will blow your account. And then you will not have any money to keep trading. You see what I'm saying? Many amateur traders average down and literally end up sweating the trade and destroying their mental capital and account.Man, we do this for this, peace of mind. The reason why you don't want to be at your day job is because there's no peace of mind. We started day trading because we want peace of mind.And what people do is they average down and they end up sweating the trade. And what happens? They destroy their mental capital, they destroy their peace of mind, and also they destroy their account as well. So now, the loss is not only hurting you financially, it's also hurting you emotionally, also hurting you physically, also hurting you spiritually, also hurting you in every fucking way possible.See what I'm saying? Now, there's one rule that is, this is very, very simple. If a position will be a winner, if the trade that you took will be a winner, it should work with the most minimal effort. You enter a trade, it started moving with you, it hits your profit target, done, you're out.One rule that I have is if the trade does not move when it should be moving based on the patient's schedule, that's it. That's it. You can literally jump out of the Yeah, you might some, maybe 50% of the time, you might miss the move because after you exited, it made a big move.But it's more about this piece. If you have peace here, you'd be good. See what I'm saying? So never hold your bags.Never hold your bags. You must learn to let things go if you want to make money. All right, you got this.I'll see you in the next one. Let's fucking go. Keep the momentum going.
Now you're watching this, you're watching two videos. Keep crying. All right, next one now.
cm59k7liqrtc72ugvru0All right, what is going on fam? Hope you're having the best day of your entire life again All right in this video. We're gonna talk about the third principle the third rule the third the literally the third amendment that pretty much I use in my trading is Keep taking profits. Like what do I mean by that now? I'll give you an example All right, are you greedy and try to wait for 100 200 300 percent returns some people do this now There's one rule that I will literally tell you men and it's gonna be very very very easy Okay, start leveraging start leveraging instead of multiplying What do I mean by that a Lot of people try to multiply they want to jump in the position size worth $200 Okay.Now if they up 10% that's 20 bucks. So which is why they look for a hundred percent returns to make $200 Right They might have a $3,000 account whatever they jump in a position size 200 They take one contract and now they want to literally hundred two hundred percent returns to make some money Whereas you need to start leveraging which means as you have 3k you can take 1k 1k 1k 3 positions that means You take thousand percent thousand thousand dollar position size if the trade moves 20% in your favor That's $200 if the trade moves 25% That's 250 bucks. So you can make 200 to 250 bucks with small move and Because you're leveraging your money.So start leveraging your money rather than trying to multiply it Which one's easier 20 25 percent or hundred 200 percent every time? Of course 20 25 percent with options. It's very very easy. See what I'm saying? So don't be greedy and try to wait for 100 200 300 percent gains It's cool if you have some Good because you they will be time will you be you'll be able to catch thousand twelve hundred fifteen hundred eighteen hundred two thousand percent returns But it is what it is.I'm you know, you're gonna keep taking profits now I have survived this long with option trading because I systematically take profits like this is just an example, right? For example, you can take profits thirty percent fifty percent seventy five percent hundred percent, which I take profits with marvely levels Which allows me to take to let a portion of my original position ride with a minimum amount of emotion It's one of the most important things now when you have less emotions, you know what happens When you have less emotions and are trading with profits You'll be able to think more clearly for example a trade this way you entered patient scandal pump You entered next candle right here move it up profit target approaching You took some profits you took 50% off What happens? You in thousand old position size you got paid 20% and you took 50% off. You basically made 100 bucks right here, right? Now, of course, you've got a car and those are not not a lot of money. I get it.No problem You still have 50% position left But you'll be able to hold your position a little bit clearer because now in order for you to go negative on this trade you have to lose this hundred Then you will go negative You get my point right because this 50% you took at 20% the other 50% that sitting it's also up 20% that right now as well So there's their hundred needs to go
then this hundred needs to go then you'll be down So you'll have less emotions and you'll be able to think clearly in that given time And this is also why it is like it's super important to why you should size Position size like accordingly and not enter trade which which you can only afford one option Like you're gonna do to it. I always tell people don't do one option contract never do one contract You're gonna do three at least two or three contracts and you're like, but I can't afford to three then go out there Hustle a little bit over the weekend drive you but drive Uber Eats, you know do door dash deliveries food delivery Whatever you want to fucking do it, man Right go make some money Period and if this this day and age you can't fucking go and work hard for your future You will work hard for someone else's future Period. Alright, so it's very important to go in at least three contracts So you can take one off here one off at the next hourly target and then one off of the next hourly target All right Now remember that small wins add up quickly if you can last longer than six months trading options properly Okay, if you can last six months trading properly small gains will add up people don't do not last six months No, why because they do some dumb shit Okay, because one of the most biggest reasons why traders fail within one year is because they do not know how to pay themselves They don't know how to systematically secure profits They do not know what business they're in you are in business with the sharks These motherfuckers out there who gonna take your money.They're gonna literally take food out of your kids mouth. They do not give a fuck So you need to be more responsible you need to stop paying yourself you need to start Paying yourself for the trades that you take as well take profits keep taking profits Pay yourself let your runners run but keep paying yourself Very important you want to make money Continuously, you're gonna do this. Otherwise, there's no point fam.No point zero You get my point All right This is all I have for this video in the next video we will talk about Another important rule that I have and we're gonna make sense. I'll see you soon. That's freaking go keep the momentum up
cm59k7vgsfls72uqml5gAlright, what is going on? So in this video, we're going to talk about why should you not ever pick a side? I have a rule, don't pick a side, never. What do I mean by that? Now, do you ever find yourself holding on to a directional bias when entering a trade? You're like, oh, this can go down today. And even if it's going up, you always catch yourself trying to, you know, catch the top, oh, it is up too much, it has to stop.It doesn't work this way. You know, when I make my hourly levels in the morning, every single day, you see me in the discord, make hourly levels, you see me there that I just make my levels. I do not have a bias that if it goes above this level, it can get here.If it gets above this level, it can go here. I don't play the bias game. I just draw my levels.In the pre-market, you are only meant to draw levels. Now, whatever the trend happens during the day, we are day traders, we don't care about what's going to happen. Whatever is happening, we trade that.Don't ever pick it, never ever pick a side, like a pick a side, you literally will go down. And this is the most common mistake in the mindset of many traders, and it caused them to miss massive runs. Now, what happens is they have a mindset that, oh, Tesla looks good for the downside.So they tell themselves Tesla look good for the downside. As soon as the market opens, it's going up. It starts rejecting a little bit.It's not rejecting, it's just pulling back. Instead of looking for a patient scandal for entry here, you know what they do? They go short here and they go short again. They average down and the stock goes from $250 to $300.And all they did was kept holding the, literally kept their positions just in case. Now, remember to follow price action, not fight it. Our goal is to follow price action, not fight it.We're nobodies, man. Stop trying to prove a point to somebody, oh, you know, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, already said this is going to, come on. You'd rather be wrong than fucking lose money, right? So having a bias will blind you from seeing what's in front of you.Do not try to be right all the time. You won't be able to write. Our simple goal here is, even if I'm wrong, I rather want to make money.Even if I sometimes tell myself that this looks good for the upside but the trend is down, I will trade the downside. You know why? Because I always look at levels, I look at trends, I look for patience candles to enter. This is how I make money.So I draw my levels, now I have levels, either side. Now the trend pick up to upside or downside, I'm trading that side and I'm looking for patience candles to make money. Don't try to be right
all the time, oh but I said in the pre-market this looks good for the upside but now it's moving down man, fucking make some motherfucking money.What are you doing? I'd rather be wrong and make 100k by falling price action than to be right and completely miss a trade and blow my account. Say the last point with me. Talk out loud with me.I'd rather be wrong and make 100k by following price action than try to be right and completely miss a trade and also blow my account. Bad, bad, bad, bad. I don't do this shit.Never. You got this, keep pushing, keep going. By the way, don't binge watch.Relax, go get a drink. You deserve it. You've been hustling, you've been pushing, go get a drink.The goal is not to finish the course, the goal is to understand the course. It's not like, let me just smash it. No.It's alright, go get a drink. Still, watch it today if you want, but go get a drink. Relax, chill. Alright, peace, goodbye.
cm59k7vpf0ic72qptu0gAlright, what is going on? Hope you're doing well. In this video we're going to talk about risk management is king and hope you actually got a drink. Alright, don't just say, oh he's not watching.I'm watching you man, I know you. You didn't even fucking move since the last video. If you moved, good.If you haven't, pause it, go grab a drink. Alright, you got this. In this video we're going to talk about why risk management is king and why do I have a rule which literally tells me risk management is everything.I will never try to play around with it and this is how you make money if you want to consistently make money for a longer period of time. Alright, so first point I have is how much risk are you willing to take per trade? Most traders are not literally honest with themselves and they buy large positions, larger than what they can afford to lose. They're like, oh I want to try to size up.Man, sizing up doesn't work the way people think. Like you need to, if you want to size up, you need to stop thinking about size at all. You know what you need to work on? Remember the rule of three that I literally said, chain, confidence, consistency.You want to do this, this is how you'll be able to size up. Otherwise, no. If you do not have chain, if you do not have confidence, if you do not have consistency, you won't be able to size up.That's how people blow their accounts. How much risk are you willing to take per trade? Like I know people who literally go, oh my god, oh my god, if they're down $500 and they take a position size worth literally $5,000. Why? Bro, you know you get ticked if you get fucking $500 loss.You lose your mind. But why the fuck do you need to be in a position such a big size where you know you stand to lose $1,000, $2,000? Especially with options. So be honest with yourself and be like, you know what, I can't, I can't take big, man, nah.If you're a trader like that, man, you need to allocate less than 5% of your account per trade. If you're somebody like that, who's like, oh my god, like this is a subjective number, right? This is a subjective number. Whatever number works for you, right? If from a $3,000 account, 1K position size works for you and you're happy to, if you're down, you're happy to lose 200 bucks.But if you're up, you're happy to make 400. Sweet. Man, do that.But otherwise, otherwise, be careful. Allocate less than certain percentage of your account. All right.
Now, if you have a higher risk tolerance, you can accept a big risk. And now if you have a$10,000 account, it's okay to increase this number. However, I will still let you know that if you have account size more than $10,000, do not exceed 20% of the position size of the account as a position size.Right? If you have a $10,000 account, 2K should be a max position size up until you get to 20K. When you get to 20K, then you can go 4K if you want. Get my point? Now, one, two, three or four trades should never be, again, one trade, two trades, three or four trades should never be able to wipe out your account.If it did, you have a bigger problem. See what I'm saying? No. I see people, they're like, oh man, I had a 5K account.All right. Then I took one loss. Okay.I lost the whole month's of profit. What? How much size did you do? Right? I see many traders put in 30, 40, 50% of the account in a trade because they feel formal. They're like, oh, you know what? I have a $10,000 account.Let me dump 10K in it. People do this. Let me dump 5K in it.Let me dump 4K in one position size. No, bro, be careful, man. You have no idea how you're trading.You have no idea about yourself yet. You want to literally play with the sharks like this? Bro, I'm like, I'm going to tell you straight up. All right.If you're stupid in the market, market is literally going to take everything away from you. All right. If you like, if you feel like ever that you have to make this absolute maximum profit in one trade and put in large percentage of your account, then you're entering the trade for the wrong reason and will likely never see the gains you desire and will likely maybe never see the life you desire as well.Never act on your feelings. Oh, why didn't you do this? I didn't feel like it. Fuck your feelings, bro.What the fuck? You have a system, man. You follow the motherfucking system. Who cares about your fucking feelings? Nobody gives a fuck.You're here. You're learning the fucking system. Why wouldn't you follow a fucking system? Oh, I didn't feel like it.Shut the fuck up. You see what I'm saying? You know what you're doing. You know the system. Oh, let me try this. But why? This is not your system. Oh, yeah, but it looks really good.
Who cares? It looks good. Like you're literally married to the system. Doesn't matter who looks good fucking outside.You want to have a successful marriage? Doesn't matter. Fucking is like, you know, the woman in the red dress. Remember in the Matrix movie, the woman in the red dress.That's what's happening here. You're getting sidetracked. Oh, this looks good.Who gives a fuck? It's a distraction to literally take you out. Right? You get my point? That's what's happening. Look at this.I found on Google, a search woman in the red dress. This is what's happening. These are all agents around him.And the moment you get distracted, there's all like normal human beings. The moment you get distracted, and you turn around, the Neo turns around, there's an agent sitting, standing right behind him with a gun pointed on his head. Why? Because he got distracted.That's what's happening with you, fam. Because you get distracted with your trading. You know what happens? As soon as you do that, as soon as you look, as soon as you watch, as soon as you do something stupid, there's an agent from the Matrix standing there with a gun on your head.And you're going to take your money. The market knows what you're doing. See what I'm saying? It's much easier to let a $500 trade go to 1000%, then putting in 20k and watching it to go to 20k.You can literally turn your 500 to 5000. But it's very hard to turn 20k to 200k. Why? Because there's different emotions involved when you have a little bit more money.All right. Now learn to trade small size, and you will see how much easier it is to manage your positions. All right.Don't go all in on every trade, man. That's not the point. And I'm not telling you to go very small, one contract.I'm not saying that. I'm just saying be very careful. Practice risk management.Don't get sidetracked by something that you know is going to hurt you in the long run. Learn to trade small size. Learn to trade five contracts.Learn to manage five contracts first. You see what I'm saying? Let those five contracts run to 100% rather than trying to literally double your money every day. It doesn't work this way.All right. Risk management is the king. Our goal is to literally protect the money that you already have in your trading account.
All right. I'm sorry this video went a little bit longer, but I'm glad you understood everything. I will see you soon.Peace.
cm59k8diqrtc72ugvrv0All right, what is going on fam welcome back to another video in this video We're going to talk about how you should be able to plan the trade and trade the plan This is the last rule last principle that I have And i'm still trying to find the 10th rule 10th principle for myself I only have nine so far nine principles and I want to make it 10 commandments Um, you know how 10 there's 10 commandments. I want to make 10 commandments of trading Paul can only find nine and i'm not one of those people who's just gonna make one shit up. No I look at my life.I look at my stuff and I see if I need a principle then I make those and First I started with like three or four principles Eventually, I kept adding to those and now they're nine And if they've ever become 10 sweet, otherwise nine it is. All right, let's go with the ninth ninth one Plan the trade and trade the plan now. It's very very important to have a plan before you enter a trade now What is having a plan means? So stock is moving up for example, i'll draw let's say i'll draw right here.All right stock is moving up All right. Now it started coming down Gives you patience candle right there Now what's the plan here? Plan here is to enter here stop loss here Who is the profit target initial profit targets here next hourly level here and next one's here All right now Why is this a plan very good plan? Because you know, where's your entry? You know, where's your stop loss? You know, where's your profit target? You know, where's the next profit target? You know, where's your next profit target? And if the neck if literally think about this if the next candle goes and starts moving in your direction It'll be way easier for you to literally hold the trade Up until you took some off A little pullback start it again You get my point. It's very important to have a plan before you enter a trade and having a plan literally simply simply simply mean You know where you are entering, you know, where your stop loss is, you know entry, you know your profit targets that's a plan All right, some traders tend to react rather than prepare for possible outcomes now what I mean by that for example For example now, you know for a fact This is where the stop loss is if the trade doesn't work and hits your stop loss you get out Some people tend to react rather than prepare for possible outcomes prepare your bro You pick the stop loss if it hits your stop loss, you're gonna get out Like you must follow the plan that you have created period If you literally if you can anticipate and visualize the possible outcomes for the trade this can help you prepare you To take the right action if you tell yourself, there's a stop loss this entry There's a profit target and now if it's a stop loss you've visualized that already See what i'm saying you already know it.Okay, that's my stop loss and it's there because this strategy will literally fail If if it doesn't hold that particular point You get my point so you need to literally have a point and It will become so much easier when it's actually marked on your chart All right Now if you see a consistent pattern on if like this is important if you see a consistent pattern on having trades go green to red Like you're up green every time and then there's a big red candle Then lose it and you see consistently last 30 trades out of 30 trades 27 of them happened this Then you need to re-
evaluate your strategy But this doesn't the patient strategy doesn't work like it doesn't work this way. It works beautifully All right But if you see some strategy that you use it consistently go from being, you know Green to red or just goes against you need to re-evaluate your strategy All right, there's no reason why you should have a large percentage of your trade that were profitable end up being losers All right That's why you need to take profits as the stock moves with you It should never work or out of 30 trades that I took 27 turned around Man, there's something that you're doing wrong, you know following the system correctly All right now create a plan literally write this down. It's very very important create a plan Execute your trade secure the profit and move on Literally Literally as important.I create a plan this super important Follow this Now create a plan execute your trade secure the profit and move on see later done All right, you want to make consistent money you have to do this. Otherwise, um, I mean there's plenty traders to lose money man Now which side you want to be on Do you want to be on 95% of traders that lose money or 5% of traders that make money? Which side now let's let's think about it, right? every trader 100 traders bring thousand dollars to the table Right. They want to trade with thousand.How much money is that? That's a hundred thousand dollars They're bringing a hundred thousand dollars to the table 95% traders lose they lose everything Which is 95 traders lose 95 thousand dollars That means five traders Five traders who remainder they make 95 thousand dollars. Why trading is a zero-sum game. Someone has to lose for you to win Now they all these five traders started with a thousand dollars each and now this 95 000 gets divided into them Fun, huh? How much is that? That's nineteen thousand dollars So all these five traders get 19k each Boom, they literally switched the 1k to 20k The trading account just because they chose to be a part of this group.Now, which which group do you want to be at? Do you want to be in the 95% or you want to be in the 5%? Because if you're in the 5% man if you're in the 5% there's so much money out there Crazy But if you want to be a part of 95% I mean You you know for a fact when traders lose they just don't lose a thousand They lose hundreds of thousands or tens of thousands But just you know increase the number just add one more zero to lose ten thousand. That means Nine to fifty thousand that goes 190k for five traders All right, you got this let's freaking go i'll see you in the next video goodbye By the way, maybe maybe take go for a drink. I'll see you later.Go for a drink
cm59k8fpf0ic72qptu10What up, what up, what up? All right in this video. We're gonna talk about How should you? Respect your stop-loss. Oh Why do you need to respect your stop-loss? This is one of my rules that I use one of the principles and this is the eighth rule eighth principle that I have And this is very very important as well.You need to respect your stop-loss. I'll give you a few points I mean think about this if a trade does not feel right If you enter the trade everything going well, but there's something that you don't like about it I mean, why the heck do you need to be in a position? Why should you even hold on to their position? Why? If it doesn't feel right get out of it. If it doesn't feel good if deep inside somewhere You know the little gut feeling you have man.I don't know if there's gonna work. I'm a little scared Get out why hold on to it It's important to have a stop-loss in place to ensure you do not lose money more than you can afford to lose Most traders don't know how to do that You see I'm saying people have no idea They put a stop-loss, but they actually do not respect the stop-loss So they're putting a stop-loss and actually respecting the stop-loss. There are two different things Okay need to start respecting your stop-loss That's why the point says respect your stop-loss Having a stop-loss and actually when the price goes there and you actually accepting the stop-loss they do different things So you need to start respecting this Okay.Now most traders are unable to cut a loss and a lot they literally go on man. I can't They literally are about to press the button. So this is like buy button There's a sell button and the stock hits their stop-loss.They press it, but they never let go of the mouse button Why because they're too scared. What if this trade turned around if it turned around bro, you jump in motherfucking again, mate If it turned around you jump in again, who cares but for now hit your stop-loss get it out. Let go of the mouse button I did literally let they allow the trade to control them in the emotions without realizing it Like man, you have to be fluid in your approach to like literally you must be fluid in your trading approach Every single trade if one doesn't work simply move on the rest Like reset man, it is.Alright You know when they say strategy it is what strategy works 80% of the time You know what? That means out of hundred trades every hundred trades you take 80 trades are winners 20 trades are losers If a trade didn't work, maybe it's part of this 20 Simply move on maybe the next one gonna be a part of this one. Who cares? reset Don't immediately jump into another trade unless you have a clear understanding as to why the trade didn't work out and have a well-constructed For the next people do this they jump in a position it hates you It's a stop-loss they instantaneously jump in again in some other trade at the same position like boom Why? because feeling of the failure Have thinking that oh my god, I just failed Doesn't sit well with them Man don't jump into another trade up until you actually have the clear understanding of
why the fuck do you need to actually jump Into this trade this will literally help you see the next opportunity more clearly without lingering on the previous loss What's the point man at the end of the day loss is a part of trading? It is what it is and It's very important to never let one loss one simple loss affect your mental and capital ability to take the next trade Right now imagine if I have a coin here, let me see I have a coin but think about this if I throw this little notebook, all right, one side is Designer one sides plane, but throw this for 99 times and every single time it lands on this side What is the chance of? the hundredth toss to be this side It's still 50-50 think about it it can be on any Right can be literally any there you go. So why it's 50-50 chance of why literally not let go of your loss It's important to let never ever literally let one stop loss or one loss Become so big that you're never able to get over that particular trade man It's okay to take a loss, but it's not okay to blow a trading account in one loss That's not what we do that's not who we are that's not what we do All right, you got this keep going keep pushing.There's one more rule left and I'll see you in the next one All right, that's fucking go Hey, that's fucking go. Goddamn. You look good.By the way, you're good. I'll see you. I'll see you
cm59k8liqrtc72ugvrvgAll right, what is going on fam, so the first point that is super important in setting up your daily Um how you should literally go about your whole day is you need to set up a calm morning ritual you need a Peaceful environment right at the market open or right at the right when you open your eyes Super important the moment some people open their eyes in the morning, man. They already start thinking and worrying and stressing about the market Like man, these people be literally be Bro, these people in the toilet and they're thinking about is the spy gapping up or gapping down who cares man? We did with it. We don't care like it doesn't matter up until you literally are sitting in front of your desk and making a plan It doesn't matter.So some people open their eyes. They're like already thinking and worrying and stressing They literally pull out this is what happens They get pulled out of their bed by this constant chatter in their mind And they start the day in such a stressful rush i've been there man. I have done this in the past Okay, personally i'm gonna keep i'm gonna keep it real personally.I don't sleep much. I wake up three hours before the market open All right, three hours roughly If the market opened at 9 30 eastern time i'm awake about 6 30 eastern time What do I do in these three hours? Like this is what works for me. You can see what works for you Okay, as I said before now Right after as I wake up As soon as I wake up and I get wake up, by the way I put my phone in the bathroom when i'm sleeping.So I have a charger in the bathroom. Um, And I put my phone in the bathroom. So when I as soon as I wake up Um, and the alarm goes off in the bathroom my alarm goes off in the bathroom I'm like, oh man, I have to get up and turn it off.I do not put it next to me because I don't want Um overnight news, you know that's on your phone to program my mind I don't want no notification. None of my phone does not show me no notifications. It doesn't work Like that's it So as soon as I wake up before i'm going to the bathroom, i'm just like, you know stretching a little bit I'm trying to stretch my legs.Let the you know, let the blood move a little bit. So I wake up I go pee don't turn on the coffee machine And immediately after that I go on a 20 30 minute meditation. I do not meditate like I don't do that stuff.I write down on a piece of paper. I write down thoughts that I have Write down up until I can't write anymore. That's what I do every day I That just works for me And it's one of the best things and I will suggest you get one of those coffee machines where? Which you can connect from the wi-fi or you can just tell google and I'll just tell my google to hey Turn the kettle on or something and it turns the kettle on.I actually have a thing on my phone Um, it's a shortcut that sits on my phone Um, it's a shortcut that sits right here on my lock screen And I just press that. Um, that's about it. You just ask another prompt to unlock the phone.
I unlock it that it turns on the um kettle in the kitchen And then I know for a fact by the time i'm like going in the kettle's ready and I have a coffee All right Grab a coffee then I sit on the just the kitchen table. I sit there. Everyone's asleep.I sit there and write my stuff down All right, then I brush my teeth maybe take a little shower depends depends how i'm feeling sometimes i'm like, oh man I'll go to the gym and have a shower but um After that before I head to my workstation, I let the noise in This is what I do All right. It's very important. It works.It works really good All right. What do I mean by that as soon as i'm walking in my office i'm walking in i'm literally i'm talking to my siri to go, you know play some fucking music or Or Most of the time I just say whenever I say play some music what it does is it plays some classical music Or when I say play some coffee shop tunes and play some, you know relaxing music again um Then I then another coffee that comes is just next to me. I have a coffee right here These little pods they are next to me right here.The machine's next to me Then I serve myself another nice black coffee. No sugar. No milk nothing and I do this every day like you do not need to do the same exact thing But you will make sure that you have some space for your calmness in the morning and make the most out of it So I wake up.What do I do wake up? I'm a phone in the bathroom. I go be done on the coffee machine. Then I go for 20-30 minutes I write down on a piece of paper the thoughts in my brain my brain dump I brush my teeth have a shower Whatever then I come i'm relaxed.I'm not rushing. I'm just like relaxing turn the coffee machine on stand here Drink some coffee That's that's it. And so far up until this point.I haven't checked my notifications on my phone yet Or my messages or this that nothing See what i'm saying And then when I make when i'm about to make my levels before the market open Before that I have this buffer block. Okay that I call a buffer block What I do in this buffer block is very very simple and i'll hang on i'll show you All right, so I have a daily triage, um, what is it I check my emails i'm like, all right I checked my email done my slack my team sent me any message done. So it goes like this Oh done with the email slack sent messages check the message all good discord.Nobody tagged me all good. What's up? Done instagram done messages done i'm done Think about this for a minute How much your life becomes easier when you have like these six things, you know You got to check if you do all this takes about five minutes You see this I plan myself give myself five minutes and I start this like this That's about it I have five minutes to make this happen I do not get distracted. I do not that's why instagram is at the bottom.You see what i'm saying I have to reply to the email slack. I do not have instagram at the top I have instagram at the bottom because I know for a fact they're gonna get sidetracked it
because that's that's their business So I check email slack discord what's up, so i'm in a flow now i'm getting things done i'm in a flow See what i'm saying rather than having instagram at the top you go in a flow I do not have instagram at the last. Why don't I have at the last? You know why because if i'm done in three minutes, then i'll be on my instagram for two minutes.I don't want that I want to get it done with and then go on messages And see my message if there's no message i'm done still have two minutes. I'm out of instagram I defeated the purpose See what i'm saying and there's pomodoro like it's sweet man. It's one of the best things you can fucking do to yourself It's called sun sama.It's really good. Go get it. It costs.It doesn't cost a lot of money You see what i'm saying? This is what it takes to be successful fam. You want to be successful? This is what it takes this is the amount of Focus you need to put in to become the person that you want to become This is what it's required Think about this. Are you ready for it or you just say you want it.You really don't want it that bad This is what it takes All right Um, just keep it keep it calm. Keep it chill. Keep it going That's pretty much it fam before I start my day.I've checked all my emails. Everything's done beautiful Then i'm making my levels And then you know what I do Make my levels and then i'm like going for a little smoke I'm having another coffee and then I wait for the market open. That's my life my fam.I'll see you soon See you in the next one. Let's fucking go
cm59k8tiqrtc72ugvs00Alright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video. In this video, we're going to discuss my part two of how I kind of control my life. And this part is again very important, which is learn how to watch your reactions.And this is going to be a short video, not going to be a long video. What I mean by that, because I'm pretty sure you will understand what I mean. So when something undesirable happens and something stressful happens in trading, what's your reaction? Some people literally are so blinded to see past short term pain.Yeah, you lost. This is how little this is based on the journey that you are in. See what I'm saying? Some people are too blind, like blinded to see past short term pain, and they jump into mindless reactions.They get angry, they get overwhelmed, they feel sorry for themselves. They feel literally, they feel like they, you know, they want to kill somebody pretty much. And they wish things were different.They blame the market, they blame somebody else. But why can't we behave better in times of stress? Why not? If you if you develop the habit of watching your reactions, your responses, you will know why. You'll see you like it's so easy.As soon as you start watching your reactions, you'll know why and you'll get to see that you always have a choice to respond skillfully. What I want you to do is pause the video right here. Pause the video.Think about any argument that you have had with somebody in your life within last week. It could be with your wife, could be husband, could be your mom, dad, somebody in your life. Think about the argument.Think if you would have responded a little bit skillfully, if you responded, you know, calmly, would that fight would have happened? No, right? Oftentimes, man, our automatic reaction is to take things personally. If the market does something we don't like, often we tend to interpret this unconsciously as a personal affront. We're like, oh my God, show this fucking bitch who's the boss.Man, some people even think that the God, the universe, life is against them. The truth is, it's not personal, man. You can learn not to interpret events as personal affront and instead see them as some impersonal external events just shaped up a long chain of other impersonal events.Like on a grand scheme of things, if you think about it, it is what it is. It's nothing personal. It is what it is.
And you can learn to respond to external things with calm and wisdom without letting them overwhelm you. Yeah, this is a skill, but you can fucking get better at this skill. I promise you meditation helps writing helps these things up.Now, one takeaway from this video is before you respond to anything, think ever, ever go and watch Elon Musk's and Joe Rogan's interviews. All right, go watch Joe Rogan and Elon Musk interview. You, you will see how he thinks before he reacts.You'll see how he thinks before he speaks. He's the richest person in the world, right? Or at this stage, um, he thinks like, then he responds. I'm like, damn, he knows how to watch his reaction.He knows how to respond. He's not like, oh, and he responds straight away. No, he knows.He stops. And then he goes, see what I'm saying? It's not like, um, nothing is personal. It's like, all right, it is what it is.See what I'm saying? Responds very skillfully and I love it. All right. So learn to watch your reactions.Nothing's personal. I'll see you in the next one. Let's fucking go. Keep going. Keep pushing. You got this.Keep making a killing. Let's fucking go.
cm59k8vgsfls72uqml6gAlright, what is going on fam? Hope you guys are having the best day of your entire life. Hope you guys are not that tired because you're literally making a killing. This module is lengthy module.This module is a long module, but I get it fam. I know what you're going through, but it is alright. Now, we only have a few videos left.Anyway, in this video we're gonna literally go over why you should not multitask. This is one rule that I live by. I do not multitask.Why? Now people now man multitask more than ever. In my opinion this is a great way to generate a level of anxiety that runs through everything you do including trading because it makes you impatient, restless and always worried that you should be doing more or doing something. You know, you know when people go, let me put my headphones on and while I'm watching dishes, you know cleaning dishes, let me be, you know, let me get two things done at a time.Man, that fucks you up. You're eating, you eat. That literally wrecks you whole thing up because you're training your brain.It's okay to do two things at a time. You're training your brain. It's fine.But brain you should always be doing something. I'm not letting you do one thing at a time. You should always fucking make moves and this goes into trading as well.When you're not taking any moves you go Oh, man, you should be doing something. You should be doing more. I should be multitasking.What if instead you just did one thing? When you're trading just focus on trading. When you're reading just focus on reading. When you're washing fucking dishes you focus on washing dishes.When you're watching videos you just focus on watching videos. What if you did only one thing and learned to trust that you shouldn't be doing anything else? Seriously, ask yourself this question. What if you only did one thing and you trust yourself and you trust SirMash that you shouldn't be doing anything else.Just do one thing. If you are honest with yourself, you'll probably see that there is peace in just doing one thing. It reduces stress.It makes things much easier. Period. It's important.People go try to do ten things at a time. It doesn't work. You know what they go? I'm doing
everything man.I'm still not getting successful. You're not doing everything. You're not working like how rich people work.We all have 24 hours in a day. You just think you can get the best out of the half an hour you're gonna wash dishes. Finish washing dishes.Sometimes let your brain go into boredom. That's where ideas come. A lot of you all are not rich because you never let your brain sit idle.Brain gets ideas when when you literally let go of anything that's in your brain and you get bored. You just flick the thoughts away like I don't need it. Nah, I don't need it.I don't need it. Let your brain get bored. Alright, you got this fam. Alright, next video will be really really small. That's where I can go.
cm59k67pf0ic72qpttugRFM what is going on? Hope you're having the best day of your entire life again. Welcome to another video In this video we're gonna go over Some of the important rules that I think that you definitely need like look man. All right, we'll go over like Um the number of trades you should be taking what should you be kind of doing in this? So what i'll do is without any further fucking delay I will just start and I do not have any like particular slides in shape for this Um, I just want you to open your notebook and literally start writing.All right, grab a pen and paper and start writing. So If I was you, okay if I was you and I had a three thousand dollar account I'll give you Two risk parameters. So this is a high risk Person, this is a low risk person and i'll give you kind of and i'll give you basics first Okay, so if I have a three thousand dollar account fam, I will be focused on Personally me i'll be focused on five to six high probability trades Per week per week per week That means one a day or two a day three a day Whatever you want to do.My main focus would be five or six highest probability trades per week. I mean Think about this. All right, if you can take Let's say six trades Top quality trades and you nail about three to four of them, um, you know three to four of them um of those trades I personally think you can easily grow your account by 400 to 500 per week That's easy on average, okay, of course on average not every week but on average okay, but but the main The focus See the main focus this, uh magnifying glass the main focus that we have The main main main focus should be on finding This is very very important.The main focus should be on finding highest quality finding best quality setups Okay, if you do that You're literally your profits the profits the amount of money you want to make profits will Come As a by-product Literally You get my point So if I was you and I had a three thousand dollar account and I want to grow that account man I'll be focused on five or six high probability trades per week um You know I say if I take six trades and i'll be able to nail two or three of you know Four or five or whatever trades out of them I can easily grow that account by four five hundred dollars per week on average Because my main focus is to find highest quality trades If you find highest quality trades Profits come as a by-product of it You have a point so Let's talk about two different risk profiles that I discussed before Okay, if I have a low risk profile, so high risk profile is somebody who want to take big risks If you're somebody who want to take big risk, you know really bothered by if you lose the 3 000 Of course, you should be bothered if I lose 3 000 I'll be bothered but if you're not really, you know, okay, i'm happy to risk So both scenarios of account positions of account size is 3k higher low Okay, so if I have a high position, so I'll you know, hi I'm a high risk trader as I said i'll take five to six trades per week That's me. Okay, five to six trades highest quality trades per week if like it's a low Side low risk And nothing's wrong with it. I promise you there's nothing wrong with it I started off as a low.I started making money switch to high and i'll take three to four trades per week But the
highest quality setups you need to define your high quality setups Okay, the high quality setups could be the hourly chart has to set up this way or the weekly chart daily chart Has to set up this way. I want to see a patient scale on a daily daily chart And that's when I want to trade this highest quality setups you're going to define your highest quality setups to yourself, okay now For um the risk per trade, let's say the amount of risk as a High risk trader. I'll probably risk about maybe 200 to 300 dollars per trade Now I say per trade I do not mean position size Okay, that means my position size can be a thousand dollars if I want to Or 1200 or 1500 as long as my risk is about two to three hundred dollars per trade Okay But if I have a low risk trader, i'm a low risk trader my position size Would be based on so I only take a risk about 100 250 And there's nothing wrong with starting off as a low risk trader then switching to high okay, then the next point that I have is Risk to reward I mean if you're risking 200 300 you want to be making how much 3x Or actually if you're a high risk trader 2x will do the job as well.Like you make 400 to 600 trade You know you take three or four good trades You make 400 on each when you lose you lose about two three hundred you do the match the numbers will be good right And on the other side if i'm a low risk trader, I probably want to make 3x or more because if you Are risking small money you want to catch big moves? Otherwise the market's not for you If you risk small money and you catch small moves, man, you're gonna make twenty dollars Right and you're gonna make no money. So, you know what gonna happen then? You know what gonna happen then you're gonna literally leave your office and you're gonna be like go out and tell your wife or tell Your husband Uh, i'm gonna quit my job. Oh, how much did you make today? I made 30 dollars bro.She's gonna whoop your fucking ass All right, you're like what the fuck? You motherfucker want to quit your job with 30 bucks So All right, so understand my point when I say this Um, if you have a small account if you're risking small amount of money you want to make you want to catch big trades Okay, otherwise, it's not even worth it. Why the heck we're trading? All right Now remember just remember that each day of the week you see this. What is this monday? You know why it called monday? Why this one not called monday? Why it's not monday monday monday monday every day Why is it called monday tuesday wednesday thursday friday, you know why because they're different days All right.So each day of the market Each day of the market and the week like every single week presents different kind of opportunities Some days they're like monday could be like Everything is trendy Tuesday, everything is trendy Wednesday, everything's choppy some days there's gonna be opportunity to trade and make 500 Some days they're gonna be opportune to make 700 but some days there's no opportunity do not lose 15 000 here No If there's no opportunity to trade you literally gonna walk away Because they're gonna be if you lose all the money and this day is super trendy and we haven't seen this sort of trend In a long time. You do not have money to trade or Fucking worse. You do not have confidence To catch the big move You get my point So because this day might have a potential to catch a thousand percent trade But if you lose everything on this particular day when the market was super choppy and you miss this man So if days like this happen if days like choppy days come and they will come in your journey You're
gonna understand.Um, it's time for to stay cash and wait For better setups literally All right now there are different kind of momentum patterns movement levels of probability you need to analyze and gauge how easy or difficult a day can be and how much You are willing to risk on that particular day Like for example, if if a stock is breaking out of hourly levels Remember the hourly levels that we spoke about before if the stock is breaking out of hourly levels sweet It's a trendy day. If the stock is not able to break out of hourly levels. It's choppy.You can understand this Right. So this is how I determine when the day is going to be choppy or not I determine it by looking at if it's able to break the hourly levels if there's so much momentum that we break the big critical levels that Uplifts the mood of trading for the day it uplifts the level of predict predictability for me Because if it just broke a big support area I know for a fact the stock is going to go down because this was a very big support area you get my point, so it's very important for you to understand that No matter what happens today Don't trade for today trade for tomorrow If on this day you kept trading for today to make money you'll be missing out on this day So instead of trading On wednesday trade for thursday your goal is not to lose Money such a money that you lose your confidence Trade for thursday on thursday trade for when uh, friday You see what i'm saying for friday trade for next week This is how I trade and over time once you build your account from like let's say your account to 10k from 3k You know the way we asked like we went over 3k to 5k You take 2k out then 3k to 5k now you're ready for 5k then 5k to 10k You take 5k out Now you're ready. Uh, then you take your account from 5k to 10k again Now you're ready for 10k now once you take your account from to 10k now, you need to understand Right your ability to take positions literally increases All right, you get my point Once you see highest probability trade you can allocate more capital to those particular trades and maximize your profits For example, let's say if I grew my account from three thousand dollars to ten thousand dollars with this approach All right, and if I see a trade And I see a trade setting up and I know this trade works for about say, um Let me just Draw here.All right, and I know that this particular trade works for about 80% of the time. All right And I have grown my account to 10k now with this particular approach that I went over before And now that I know that this particular trade works up for about 80% of the time whenever i've taken this trade in the past Okay, that that means 80% chances that this trade can fucking literally go to the moon So what i'll do i'll put about you know, i'll take about uh from my 10k positions The account size i'll take about 2k from that Take about 2k from that and dump into this trade into this trade All right. Now i've dumped my 2k and this has a potential this 2k position size is a potential to make 200 returns or a thousand percent returns like this particular day and these days happen fam.I promise you these days happen You see what i'm saying? Now you have a potential to make 4k to 10k Or 20k from this one trade one trade All right that you use your profits initially You see what i'm saying? Now you saw what happened from 2k you switch that to 5k or 10k Now
your account size went from 10k to 15k in a day This is the fun of actually trading for the next day You see what i'm saying your potential profit Increases when your confidence Literally increases. This is the game we play. So at this point Let's say you sold next trade you take next trade and you dumped instead of 2k Instead of this 2k next trade you dumped 3k and it went fucking 300 that's another 9k you see what i'm saying once your position size is Position size starts increasing and there's not a lot of money 2k or 3k What we're doing here is simply once you take profits out of your trading account that is going to give you this boost So you can grow your money quicker and I will continue doing the same thing up until I get to like 50k or 100k or 200k Like man, once you can do this for like six figures you continue the same process to make big money from trading This is literally how I grew my accounts This is how I tell my you know, my inner circle to grow their accounts the goal is Literal goal.I'll give you the plan 2k to 5k take 3k out then you go 2k to 5k again Or the moment we reach 10k. This is when you go. All right now you have enough data Now you have enough data behind you right you have enough data from all the things that we've been We've been doing now after you have enough data, you know what happens Now, you know which trades work now You'll be able to look at your journals because you've been doing it for a while You know which trades work most of the time and now you're like, all right You know what? Let me take 2k out of this dump into this trade The market looks fucking good and you make 500 from that trade What is the fucking numbers 10k you make 10k fucking that day.There you go And now what happens now your accounts at 20k you take 10k out if you can do it again Sweet now you're ready for 20k you do this again. Boom This time you only made 300 that's 6k. Hey, that's probably that's sweet.You're fucking making a killing You get my point. This is our goal All right So this way I want you to do moving forward and re-evaluate your position size as you make money like you made 10k on a trade Sweet now you're getting rich in the bank. Not just in the trading account Now you're actually seeing the money actually buys you shit What happens with a lot of traders is they make fucking money But they do not know that the money is real and this happens this actually happens People start treating the number in the trading account as just a fucking number that goes up and down You know why because the quality of life doesn't change with it and our brain kind of sees that It's like yeah, I don't give a fuck man.The quality of life is still the same. I'm still eating the fucking canned food I'm still catching the fucking mcdonald's You see what i'm saying You know what happens over time your brain's like, ah, yeah Why do I give a fuck man? Like if he makes money or not, like my life's still the same You see what i'm saying, it doesn't get better the mental health doesn't get better So your brain just go. All right, whatever because you want to save some, you know energy to let your body fucking function What happens then? You're never able to fucking grow your account Or you blow it because your brain literally refuses to work at this stage What you should do take the money out from the banks and you're using that money to actually better your life And you're spending that money with your family bro Your family becomes supportive even more
supportive and now they see that.Oh, nah, hey, let him work or let her work She's actually making a fucking killing. She's she's doing the fucking job. He's doing the job now, you know what? Let me bring him my motherfucking coffee You know what? Let me let him stay at home today And not do the fucking crazy plan that I had to fucking go out and do all this crazy shopping.Let him work And now your growth starts happening 10x because now your family is literally pushing you. There's one there's one thing that i'll tell you fam when you see When your family sees you are actually making money from the thing They become more supportive. It's just would you support somebody fucking sinking man? No, of course you say that and you do everything that you can do in or in you know to give them fucking company But think about it now you're making money you fucking your bank balance is growing.You're like, all right, you know what man? I'm the motherfucking man. I know what i'm doing. This is the only fucking way You and your family grows at the same time your bank account grows your family grows your mental health grows Your trading confidence grows your approach gets better.You start treating it like a fucking business. It just works You get my point? What do you need to do here Just keeping you all right keeping you And learn this new shit implement a new trading you are a api fucking like this You know code motherfuckers use you're an api integrate your api with this new fucking features You're gonna be motherfucking printed All right, you got this man. Um, so what do you need to do after this? Go chill relax Um watch the next video later.Okay, because we're gonna literally go over Um some issues the problems that I see other traders do And we need to break that down break the motherfucking thing down. All right, but for now go grab a drink Chill relax. This is long video.No 18 19 minutes I get it. Hey, but you know what? This is important shit, man Like I want to make sure that you understand this stuff. This is important This is like so one of the most important topics because people know how to make money But they don't know how to actually make money consistently.Our goal is to let you fucking an upward spiral Have you ever heard someone or he lost his job? He started drinking. He started drinking his wife left his He can't see his kids anymore. Oh, he can't pay fucking rent or and the downward spiral continues And everything goes bad.There's a thing called upward spiral or he started going to the gym or he started trading Or he started making money from trading Or shit now he bought a new fucking car. Oh, they're buying a new fucking house. Oh my god This is getting better fucking he's making six figures a fucking year And you get a fucking new family member, you know You have a blessed with a baby boy now your fucking mom and dad living in a new house You buy them a car you buy your fucking sister a car you buy your brother a car Everyone's supportive around you.
Everyone's like man. He's my fucking brother. That's upward spiral you go up from this See what i'm saying What got started what got it started? You being the trader that you want to fucking become you're gonna put you in upward spiral Our goal is to put you in a fucking upward spiral so you can start making the fucking money that you want to make All right, let's fucking go.You got this I'll see you later. Goodbye
cm59k75iqrtc72ugvrt0All right, what is going on fam welcome back to another video in this video We're gonna go over what's the difference between a noob trader noob trader is like a fucking the sucker Which is a pro trader. All right, so let's do this fam. This is gonna be fun and you know You know anything that I do it's fun.So let's talk about noob and the pro This side is noob. This side is pro. Let's talk about it.All right Um, let's do this. What we'll do is we'll draw noob trader with red marker We'll draw pro trader with the green marker, right? So it's just like easily distinguishable now Noob trader is very very result oriented He's like only want to see if he makes money or if he loses money Where's the pro trader on the other end? He's very process oriented. He doesn't care about if he loses money All he cares about if he's following the process.You see what i'm saying? So now What is the What's the results well like when I say he's result focused what does that mean Now that means he's only focused on the outcomes Okay, for example, it kind of gets broken down into two different parts the quotient becomes Did I make money? Today or did I lose money today? That's pretty much it If I made money They consider that good trade If I lost money they consider that bad trade Why because they're result oriented they only focus on result they're not focused on nothing else So if they make money doesn't matter how they made money doesn't matter if they follow the plan They made money. It's a good trade And other ones are bad trade See what i'm saying now on the other side the pro trader how he kind of thinks about it He thinks about same thing. He thinks about as well this Did I make money did I lose money did I make money did I lose money now but before this he literally goes This is one very important thing Okay, this is one very important thing pay very close attention All right now What happens here is what happens here is before he focuses on made money or not made money, you know why he focuses on Give it a guess He's only working on this little thing which is called again broken down into two follow or not follow And then it gets broken down into two Made money or lost money Made money or lost money.So what he does is he's adding just one extra step He's just asking himself. Did I follow my rules that I did not follow my rules If he he goes if I followed my rules and I made money he goes very good That's what I deserved if he didn't make money And he still followed the rules, you know what he tells himself. No problem No problem.Hey, it is what it is. No problem. I can like there's nothing I can change about it But on the other side if he does not follow the rule and if he makes money, you know what he tells himself I got lucky Let me sit down and find out why did this mistake happen But on the other side if he loses money and he haven't followed the trade, you know why he tells himself Yeah, that's what I deserved so now And this side the on you see the big difference here.You see the mindset difference such a mindset difference He's like I made money doesn't
matter if I held my position size beyond my stop loss And then the price reversed I made money. It's a good trade I lost money doesn't matter. I followed my plan now.It's a bad trade But this guy he's like did I follow my rule or did I not follow my rules? So first question he's asking did I make money or not make money? He's asking did I follow my rule or not follow my rule. I followed my rule, but I didn't make money. No problem I followed my rule.I made money sweet I didn't follow my rule and I made money. I got lucky. Let me find out why did I not follow my rule? Oh, I did not follow my rule.I lost Oh, that's what you deserved. But let me find out Why did I not follow my rule what happened in my brain at that particular stage? Which made me not follow the rules that I actually make for myself You see what I'm saying? And he starts thinking that way and he grows because why because very very simple he just want to Follow the rules when you follow the rules for bigger longer extended period of time You know what happens you start actually becoming the person that you want to become and start making big motherfucking money And that's as simple ifm I hope you enjoyed this video I'll see you in the next one because in the next video literally i'm going to give you the only holy grail The only holy grail of trading. There's nothing else.There will never be anything else. This is literally it. All right I'll see you in the next one. Let's freaking go keep the momentum going you got this
cm59k77gsfls72uqml4gAlright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video. In this video, we're gonna go over the only holy grail of trading. This is literally it.There's nothing else. There'll never be anything else. This is literally it.If you want to make consistent money over extended period of time, you need to do this every single time. Okay. Now, what's the holy grail of trading? What is it? Like, why? Why is this the holy grail and nothing else? Alright, so cashing up profits versus growing an account.You know, anybody ever told you, Oh, grow a small account? Bro, growing a small account is actually a scam. I told you a few videos before how you need to grow your account. 2K to 5K, take 3K out, then 2K to 5K again, then 5K to 7K, take 2K out, stuff like this.You need to follow that system. Now, do not just focus on, please do not just focus on growing a trading account. That's not the way.Our main goal is to grow our bank account. We need to systematically cash out our profits in literally from your trading accounts. So you can just, you know, who are you protecting the money from? If you're putting the money in the bank account, you know who you you're protecting that money from? You're protecting that money from yourself.Think about this. If you had one bad day and you know, whatever money in your trading account, you lose it all. Bro, if you only had 2K in your trading account, you only lose 2K.This is the fun of cash accounts, right? So if you have 10K in your trading account, you lose entire 10K on a bad day. Now, you do not have anything else to trade. Now, what if 8K is sitting in your bank account safe? You lose 2K, no problem.You dump 2K again in your trading account from your profits, the previous profits that you made, no problem. Easy. You see what I'm saying? It just helps you protect the money just from yourself.So how do you do it? Periodic payments. What is periodic payments? Various different time intervals. Like it could be literally, it could be weekly, monthly, quarterly, whatever some people like to do daily.I personally, I like to do it whenever I fucking need the money or whenever I feel like it. I look at the money and I'm like, ah, let me take 30K, or let me take 50K, or let me take 100K, or let me take 500K, or whatever, right? Now, you need to get into a mindset of stopping yourself, literally. Like this is the last step to managing your account, right? Now, you need to get into a mindset of that I'm paying myself, okay? Now, what do you do with this money? It's completely up to you.
You want to put this into your real estate? Do it. You want to go buy a fucking car, man? Go do it. You see what I'm saying? But this is up to you.Now, some traders use this literally what I do. I use the profits to diversify into less volatile investments, such as, you know, index funds, or long-term stock holdings, or, you know, similar investment vehicles like real estate, or real estate investment trusts, or investing in a shopping center, or this and that, you know, all sorts of stuff. Now, some people literally like to diversify.I like to diversify. Some people like to literally spend the money. I do not.I like to literally take this money, put into another asset that I own, and that asset start producing income for me, and then I spend this. That's my journey, okay? It's a little bit slow. It takes a while.Rather than spending this, I go through this process, and it makes me richer, and richer, and richer, and richer. This is the way I go. See what I'm saying? Now, the amount you decide to pay yourself, the money that you want to pay yourself at the end of, you know, week, or month, or quarter, is completely dependent on your gold and your account size, all right? So if your $2,000 account is sitting at $5K, if you want to pay yourself $2K, or the whole $3K, that's on you.If you want to follow my system, I told you my system, that's how I take profits, okay? Or I did back in the day. Now, reaching $100K a year, like, you want to reach $100K a year, right? Now, here's the thing. Only the individual trader, okay? Only the individual trader can, like, you as a trader can make your rules.I can't make the rules and systems for you. I can just share what works for me, or what works for other people. Now, reaching $100K is a goal, okay? But making $400 a day is a system.There's 252 trading days in a year, times $400, that's $100,000 a year. Now, of course, you're going to have some bad days as well. But making $400 on average a day is a system.But $100K is a goal. You see what I'm saying? These are just the steps to get $200K. You get my point? All right? This is literally the only holy grail of trading.Because once you're surrounded by money in your own house, you see, on one corner, you're like, oh, man, you know, I'm making money. But on the same end, you have a broken fucking fridge. It doesn't work that way, man.You need to lift your identity up a little bit. That you are the guy who fucking can make money. Let your eyes and brain believe that you can make money.If you're seeing all fucking broke fucking people shit around your house, while you're making money from trading, you're literally going to make you broke. Because you know what God says? God says literally, man, why the heck I'm giving this man, man? He's not even doing anything with his fucking life. Let me not give him any more money.
Start improving your life. Start improving your family's life. They deserve the world. You and your mama deserve to live good. All right? Let's fucking go. You got this.Jump to the next video. Because next video is going to be very, very small. Because I'm going to break down my trading rules.They're very simple rules. I'll see you in the next one. Peace.
cm59k85iqrtc72ugvrugAll right, what is going on fam in this video we're going to talk about why cash is a position All right, by the way, you like my hair man. I think my hair looks funny I think maybe the pink maybe the light behind me looks funny What do you say the green light looks funny? Should we change the color? Yeah, should we change the color? I think i'm bored of the fucking light. Hang on So we got a green and a blue one mix and the lights going on there's naked ladies there It's not actually negative it's like actually sure, um, there's a movie The world is yours.So you got All right. It's I think it's from scarface. But anyway Shall we get to it? You guys distract me so much man.God damn. Come on, man All right, so cash is a position. All right now Many many traders are trigger happy every time the market opens or they get so nervous when the market opens And continuously want to see some action or they are so nervous about oh my god.Oh my god. I'm so scared What? What bro cash is a position the type of trader? I promise you the type of trader Will burn out this single type of person who gets so happy, you know when traders I see online They're like posting or is the market open yet? I'm just like man. You have no idea what to fucking how to trade Because this type of trader will burn out quickly and end up bleeding their account to zero if you get happy with the market fucking opening Man, there's nothing fucking exciting about in it.I never see anything exciting in trading like think about it You're risking the money that you already have for a potential Maybe Maybe not because you never know what's gonna happen in the market for a potential to make a little bit more That's what we're doing. This is the original money that we have a little bit more Maybe and maybe not So what's the fun in it? You're risking the money that you already have for a potential to make more money and there are chances that you lose the money You see what i'm saying, so learn the cash is a position it's okay and actually remember cash is the most important position If you combine this with patience It will allow you to literally wait for the opportunity and you'll be able to maximize your profits once the market goes in your favor Think about that now You sit in cash and you're like, oh my god, i'm gonna wait i'm gonna wait i'm gonna wait this setup really looks good Oh shit. This really does look good.Let me take a fucking trade Let me enter here and you enter or it goes to your profit target. Let me take some out Or this goes to this level. Let me take some more out and you made 500 Just like that Rather or let me see this.Let me enter here. Let me enter here. Oh, I lost 300.I lost 200 lost 100 I made 600 And the brains are fucked by the stage cash is a position learn how to stay cash I hate It's great. I'll see you in the next one. Keep going.
Keep pushing and I like the lights. I think I like the lights the liquid Ifm see you
cm59k87gsfls72uqml60Alrighty, what is going on? You see I didn't change the lights that mean I really like them. They look good on the camera. I think they do.I don't know. Let me check. Oh, yeah.Oh, yeah. I look handsome bro. Oh my god.Not bad. Anyway, all right fam. So in this video, we're going to talk about why you need to stay humble in the market.Why you need to never let go of your spark in the market. Why you always need to be like just be humble outside. And when I say humble, I do not mean like, you know, you let people run over you or you don't buy expensive shit, man.I buy expensive shit. You see this? Hang on. See this baby? AP baby AP.Now I bought this Royal Oak recently, right? Anyway, went to buy one, bought two. Anyway, so yeah, I'm not humble. I'm not humble where I go, you know what? I don't need to spend money.That's not humble. That's being tired ass. You know, being so tired about money and you'd never fucking want to spend money.But be humble to people. It really depends on how you treat people. It's not about materialistic things.But it's about how you treat people. It's about how you treat yourself. See what I'm saying? Hold yourself to higher standards, but that doesn't mean you let other people run over you.Right now, every trader needs to learn how to respect their profits. People stop respecting money. This is where things go down.It doesn't matter if you make $100 a day or $100,000 in a day. It does not fucking matter. You need to learn to appreciate money regardless of the amount of money you make each day.I see some traders literally unhappy after they make 6K because they could have made 10K. And I'm just like, bro, this is such a wrong mentality because you, man, it can cause you literally to make some irrational decision. And this is a high risk game that we are playing.This is a high risk game and we need to make decisions, so many decisions to make more money. Now, if you make 10K on a trade and you rolled 4K of a position into another trade, right? You make 10K on a day, you risk 4K of that to make more money. And that did not fucking work out.
Now, do you believe that you lost 4K or you made 6K on the day? Come on. If you believe you lost 4K, you have the wrong mentality. Also, try not to compare your profits to another traders.Oh, man, he started with me, but he's making $400 while I'm struggling. Maybe he's more disciplined than you. Maybe he's not as big of a fucking dickhead you are.I see this. I used to tell myself this, man, I'm such a big dickhead. Why? Because I knew my mistakes.I knew problems that I'm making. Maybe all the stuff that I was doing, I knew, but I was not ready to accept. I thought some motherfucker actually going to give me a strategy which is going to let go of all the emotional crap, the garbage that's in my brain.No, it's you who's going to fix the stuff. You see what I'm saying? But at the end of the day, you have to fix it. Somebody has to fix it.Either your boss fixes it and literally trains you the way he wants you and fucking you become an asset to him. Or you fix your shit yourself and you start fucking making the money that you want to be making and your family deserve to fucking live good and you give them the life your kids deserve to live good. Your wife, your husband, your mom and dad, man, everybody around you deserve to live good.See what I'm saying? And that's only possible if you decide to improve yourself. That's about it. Because at the end of the day, man, everyone is on a singular journey towards improving themselves, right? You don't know what other traders have gone through to get to the level they are at currently.There's no reason to ever compare yourself to another trader. Literally never. Man, the amount of shit that I went through, it's way cool.That made me the person I am. So amount of shit you're going through, they're going to make you the person you are today. Now, when I say, oh, if your life has been beautiful, man, you do not have to go through shit to learn.All right. One thing I'll tell you, it just makes you tough. That's about it.But if you've been born in money and everything's good and still struggling to make money from trading, it's okay. I promise you, it's okay. See what I'm saying? Don't compare your results with other people.It's fine. If other people are losing, if they have advantage over you in mindset, if you've been born in a money house, man, you have advantage over them. You have some seed money.See what I'm saying? But at the end of the day, if you learn to improve yourself, you will literally grow as a trader. You will grow as a person. So stay humble and never go, I have figured this game out.
That's what I mean when I say stay humble. Never tell yourself, oh, I have figured this game out. I know what I'm doing now.I don't need to learn. I don't need to improve. I don't need to read no trading book.I don't need to read no business book. I don't need to fix stuff. I don't need to do none of that shit.They're going to literally take you down one day. All right. So learn, improve, fix, learn, improve, fix.You do this every single fucking day. That's the journey we're playing. That's a game. That's a journey. And we're going to do that. IFM, doing well, doing good.I'll see you in the next one. Peace.
cm59k95iqrtc72ugvs0gWhat is going on fam, welcome back to another video in this video We're going to talk about why should you reduce the noise that's around you? Why should you let go a few things in your life? Why should you go? You know what? Let me go on a monk mode because that's where money is made Why should you actually become a node because nodes are the one who get rich Nodes are the one who pick chicks. Nodes are the one who get ultra rich The cool kids, you know the cool kids man where they are nowhere And don't tell me oh jay-z They were nerds about what they were doing man. They lived and died for fucking music See what i'm saying So reduce the noise let go of a few bullshit Now what I mean by that when we trade they're all kind of like all kind of noises There's news.Oh, this is happening Man we don't care about news do we no notifications Or instagram notification or facebook notification or facebook messenger notification or whatsapp notification that that that that man Everything's there to fucking distract you people's opinions or this Investor the big shot guy fucking shorting the market that up who gives a fuck get fucked See what i'm saying even your own internal noise Man I think this can man follow follow the system doesn't matter what you think It doesn't matter what you even you think follow the system follow the plan that you made for yourself Everything else is not important. It's not important at all. It's not necessary If you can cut out the noise or at least reduce them to bare minimum I'll say one more time if you can cut down the noise or at least reduce them to bare minimum You will see You will literally see that you are able to create some space You're able to create some peace You'll be able to better listen to intuition and wisdom and actually follow the system calmly respectfully And you'll be more chill and you'll get rich Reduce the noise.It doesn't matter what motherfuckers say You know what you're doing, you know why you're doing it period You have a system, you know, just you know buying anywhere selling anywhere. You have a system. You're following a system.That's what you're doing You see what i'm saying 100 that's what we're doing. All right, let's fucking go keep going keep pushing Next video is fucking good video. I promise you.All right. I'll see you soon. Um, keep the momentum rolling And uh, you look beautiful handsome I promise you All right.I'll see you soon
cm59k608c4lc72qfp140All right, so we're here. Hey, we're here and we're gonna go over account management Okay, this is one of the most important things that you need to learn, okay This is fucking important. I literally cannot stress this enough and the reason why I say this is um, I mean you can trade and you can Make a lot of money, but if you do not know how to manage the money that you have in your trading account There's not much hope fam I'm, sorry.I don't want to break your heart. But if you do not know how to manage your money, you will not get rich Okay, it's very simple plain and simple. I'm gonna say one more time You better fucking hear it.All right, it's very simple. So this is how it kind of goes it's easy to get rich Okay, it's easy to make money it's easy to take profitable trades it's easy to take your account from 2.5k to 7k or 10k or whatever, but it's very hard to keep her account at 7 or 10k And it's very easy to take it back to this. Okay, so it's very very hard To grow and keep growing and not do anything stupid See this is where account management comes in because If you want to utilize your capital if you want to preserve your capital if you want to make sure that you get the best Returns that you want from your fucking money, man You need to know how to fucking keep doing the shit that you want to do moving forward It's just as fucking simple Okay.Now think about this. Have you ever done this you took your account from 3k to 10k? Or 5k whatever number is then you get down to 4k and now you're like, oh my god, I fucked up 7k down to zero Boom. See you later.You're out of the fucking game, mate You see what i'm saying and people do this. Hey people do this I don't know if you have ever done it if you've never done it, man You're fucking lucky motherfucker All right, but people do this all the time and I just want to make sure that this never happens to you moving forward So which is why we were going to go over this All right So account management is the most crucial tactic that I think all traders must it's it's It's not like oh if you do not do that, it's a must man You if you want to make money, you got to know how to do this shit You got to know how to preserve your money. You got to know how to grow your money You see what i'm saying? You now know the strategies which you need in order to grow the money that you want to fucking make right? But if you do not know how to actually manage the fucking money that you're making man There's no fucking hope You get my point and this is important You want to keep making the money? It's important.All right now By managing our risks by just managing how much money you're going to lose if the trade doesn't go in your favor And just knowing what should be a trading size and not letting emotions kind of control you a lot This is literally is going to be the is one of the biggest differences between people who make money and people who do not Right. Our goal is to just ensure Like as simple as it says here. Our goal is to just ensure that we are able to stay in the market for long run for longest period of time Man, our goal is not to just make 2k to 10k.
I mean, yeah, that's still 8k but hey, would you be like able to live off 8k or 80k or Fuck sake even 250k or even 500k like can you fucking live off that 500k for life? No, you need to learn how to consistently make money So you can it can support your lifestyle. It can support you. It can support your kids It's so important Right now I say this all the time to people the goal of account management for us is to reduce our risk It's not keep growing your money.Yeah, of course. We want to keep growing our money That's the main fucking first goal But the goal of account management for us is to reduce our risk Like you want to risk the least amount of money but you want to make the most amount of capital You see what i'm saying? You want to make the most amount of money with least amount of risk. That's our goal While aiming to gain as much growth as possible in our trading accounts by increasing or decreasing our position size And this is important people do not get this people try to grow their trading accounts consistently.It doesn't work this way There will be some weeks where you'll make 10k. There'll be some weeks where you make 2k, there'll be some weeks where you lose 1k or 5k or whatever. This is the journey you choose if you do not like this Feel free to literally go and find another job.This is not for you You have to follow the process you have to be in love with the process and this is process Where you're going to make a lot of money for fucking three weeks in a row And there's going to be a one week where you do not make much money but people make this mistake in that one week they try to fucking make it like Keep the income stable and then they blow up in their fucking week You see what i'm saying? We need to learn when to increase a position size when to decrease a position size when to kind of go All right, you know what i'm gonna fucking risk a thousand dollars on this trade or you know What i'm I just want to risk hundred dollars in this trade like there's sometimes when I am taking five fucking hundred contracts on spy But there's sometimes when i'm taking five contracts on spy. Do you see the fucking difference here? You need to know when to kind of manage your position size when to size up when to size down Otherwise this game is a like half half of this game is lost Right now other very important element of account management is for us to risk control By setting stop losses limiting our exposure. We can protect our capital from large losses in short period of time Think about this for a second.All right, this happens to a lot of people you make consistent money for Extended amount of time and then comes a week where you pretty much fucking lose the entire thing So this has happened to plenty of the plenty of students in the past as well or even me back in the day. So 3k 210k Done then one bad week i'm down to 3k or 2k Now, what did that happen? The biggest reason why people go through this is because the seven thousand dollars that I made here I didn't take that out and put in my bank. Our goal is to make money Are we not doing this for fucking money? We're doing this for money, right? So why not take the fucking money in the bank and put in the fucking bank? Like this is one rule that I use.All right, i'm going to give you this source It's on you if you're going to use it moving forward or
not. It's like give you this source so the rule simply Simply the rule says You take your 3k account to 5k You see the 2k that you made put in your bank So now your trading account is at 3k again if you're able to take it to 5k Again, that means now you're ready for 5k I'll say one more time if you took your account from 3k to 5k take the 2k output in your bank Okay And then now when you have because you took 2k out from 5k, that's 3k again Take that 3k to 5k one more time And if you can do this one more time like right here now 5k This becomes your pretty much new 3k the way you were trading this 3k Trade this if you can take your 5k account to again 8k or 9k or 10k or 7k or 6k whatever it is 6k take the thousand out If you can take your 5k account to 6k again Sweet now keep your 6k Same thing over and over again, but initially these people make this mistake initially when you can take your account from 10k to 15k Take 5k out people do not take any money out when you once you take 5k out now your account's at 10k again Take it to 15k one more time Now 15k is the number that you're comfortable with because you already took the fucking 5k off Imagine by the time you get to 15k this way You were taking so much money off like 2k here. You're taking 2k off here Then you do it again.Then 3k to let's say 10k you do right? How much is that? plus 5k plus 10k to 15k plus 5k And now you're trading accounts sitting at 15k now think about this this is twelve thousand dollars that you made from your trading now If you want to grow consistently, this is the way to kind of go You need to protect your money from yourself for like this is how you're going to grow Okay. Now this is 12k now add another zero here. Just add another zero behind everything That's 120k then add another zero How much is that? That's 1.2m Huh, that's interesting, huh? This is how I want you to fucking trade.This is how I want you to risk This is I want you to kind of go about your account growth Don't just try to grow the 2k account 200k Like what's the point of fucking money sitting in that trading account man? If you're living like you're living like a motherfucker What's the point of literally having 98 thousand dollars profit sitting in a fucking trading account? Oh, what are you thinking fucking you're gonna get this motherfucker to 100 mil? And then you're gonna start taking money out. No, it doesn't work that way You need to start living a fucking good life as well Wasn't the goal of this actually to have the best life that you can fucking have, right? So start taking money out as well And next is additionally by scaling into trades and only risking a small percentage of your account on any given trade We like if you risk too much money on your fucking any trade man, you are half fucked Okay, then the market gonna do another half fucked and then you're fully fucked All right, so you need to like slowly scale into trades Don't just go. Oh, you know what i'm ready for two like i'm ready I made fucking 500 dollars now i'm gonna take the position size and risk fucking 2500 on a trade doesn't work that way man Go slow if you do five contracts go do six if you do six go seven then go eight slowly What's the fucking rush? Our goal is to literally risk a small percentage of our account on any given trade We do not want to lose the entire account in a day We don't want to lose the 10 of the account in a day We don't want to lose fucking 50 of the account in a day Our goal is to consistently and slowly fucking make the profits so we can sustain it.You see what i'm saying? Very important and especially with option trading. I want you to
fucking understand It's going to take some time and dedication to grow your account It's not going to happen in a day You're not going to happen in a month and i'm going to happen within like three weeks or two weeks or five weeks or six weeks It's going to take some time Because the reason is you take your account from 2k to 5k You took 3k off, right? You took 3k out You take your account from 2k to 5k one more time. You keep the 5k 5k to 10k now you took 5k off Now it's a 5k again.You took the 5k to 10k again All right Sweet now you are ready for 10k, but you see it's gonna take some time, but you're making money You're taking money out Anyway, you're getting rich our goal is to have a fat fucking bank account You get my point That's a main goal Right. So that's what I want you to do. Like our goal is to have a fat fucking bank account, right now if If you have an account with three thousand dollars, I would focus on finding what works for me first All right, if you have account like this is very very important, you know what people do they're like, oh, you know what? I learned this strategy from fucking youtube.I'm gonna try this bro. You have a strategy You have a system you have everything that you learned from k capitals university All right, you do not need any more fucking strategies. You need to master yourself The strategy is not the problem.You are the fucking problem if you're not growing now All right, it's just going to be a little hard conversation that we're going to have one day Right. So focus on journaling every single trade if you can journal every single trade. It's very freaking important Journal every single trade journal All right when I say if you can Otherwise you want to lose all the money if I can keep doing what you're doing, but journal every trade man every single trade All right Journal every trade so you can understand your risk behavior so you can understand Okay Every time I lose 300 on a day I go on a tilt and I keep trading because I want to make the money back because 300 fucks me in the head Now you have a rule the moment you're down 300 or close to 300 like 268 I need to walk away.So I do not fuck it up for myself moving forward Gamma point You see what i'm saying? So that's one big rule that will come if you're journaling And again, you won't be able to take 10 trades on account with 3008 You must understand this like people try to take or let me take a position size of 300 Like you make 10 20 30. What is it fucking 90 bucks? eight You see what i'm saying? It's you're gonna understand that you will have to take a like $500 position size or $600 position size Right, because you won't be able to take 10 trades on account But the average risk should never be more than 150 200 per trade. That's a risk Now if your position size is 500 Right, that's not entirely risk until or unless your stop loss is at 99.99 99.99 Which shouldn't be so if you take a position size 500 you probably are risking about like fucking 20 or 30 Right.So 30 of that is 150 Okay, 500 position size can fucking work if you have a three thousand dollar position size account size You see what i'm saying? Let the trade give you at least three extra votes. If you're risking a hundred dollars at least the profit should be 300 Like people don't understand this if you're risking about 150 on a trade man, you better be making 450 or at least
300 Like otherwise, what's the fucking point of trading you risking 150? Oh how much you making i'm making 100 bucks Huh, good fucking luck. All right, so you'll take $100 profit $100 profit $100 profit and then two losses 150 each Still the win rate is huge You see what i'm saying? You won out of three out of five trades, but now you like basically Break even you have made zero money You get my point? So if you're risking 100 bucks, man, you better be fucking making 200 or 300 risking 150.You better be making 300 or 450 Uh, this is how the game works And how are you going to do that be selective with your trades? Don't not everything have to be fucking traded if the if the stock is moving up man That doesn't mean you have to be in a position and you have to actually catch the move towards upside If you can wait for the fucking stock to give you the entry Bro, you are the fucking champion moving forward. All right, the highest probability trade. That's our goal.That's why we trade That's what we want to do. We want to do this Consistently moving forward for fucking 10 15 years to come All right You don't want to take literally any stupid trade another one single rule that I use fam And it's going to literally change your fucking life and I say this all the freaking time sweet rule very simple rule the rule says If you can't name your strategy If this is not the game you plan if you're not if you can't name the strategy that you're about to take you Shouldn't be taking That trade Okay, very simple. If you cannot name the strategy that you're about to take if you can't Be like, oh this is a strategy that i'm taking if you're about let's say you're about to jump into a trade If you can't be like, oh i'm taking this trade because there's a patient scandal on top of the pre-market high level And also there's a atma and the view up there So there's a lot of confluence and this is why i'm taking this trade If you can't say it then you shouldn't be taking that trade if you can't name your strategy out loud If the strategy is like oh i'm having formal bro That's not a trade that you should be taking you see what i'm saying if you can't name it out loud You should not be taking that trade period You understand it you get it sweet you're doing freaking good I'm, sorry.This video went a little bit longer than I wanted it to go But it was very important. I'm glad that you got value out of this you're fucking killing it sweet. Hey Don't just keep binge watching the videos man.You literally Deserve a fucking drink. Okay, like I deserve a coffee right now I deserve a coffee man. You know what time it is man.It's like a one o'clock at night That i'm recording this I deserve a coffee You know what you deserve you deserve a drink Go out there go to the park get a fucking drink, you know, grab a beer And uh, cheers Cheers. All right. I'm gonna go get a coffee.So we do cheers with all right. Let's do the cheese with just the mouse Cheers. All right. Let's fucking go fam. All right. I love you, and i'll see you in the next video peace
cm59k788c4lc72qfp14gAlright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video in this video I'm gonna go over my trading rules and my trading rules are very very complicated very very simple at the same time as well Okay, my trading rule literally goes on one sentence. The one sentence is Plan the trade and trade the plan that it So the two things that I use in my trading every single day is I make sure I have a plan And then I make sure I trade my motherfucking plan for example stocks going up That started coming down Then I get a patient scandal entry stop loss this my friend is a plan I didn't enter here. I didn't enter here.I waited for my country. You see what i'm saying? I waited for my entry This my friend is a plan my stop loss is here my profit target is right here My entry is right here Your plan should be able to tell you your entry your stop loss And your target If it doesn't tell you any of these three things, it's not a plan So my trading is literally not buying here not buying here not buying here. My trading is buying Here this is where I make money.So this is a plan Now what's trade as soon as the next candle about to break this particular level This is where I want to buy because this is my trading. I want to buy here I want to I already made a plan now. I need to literally just follow my plan if I want to make money You get my point This is my trading Baby, that's how simple my trading is I know Um, I make my plan next candle when it's breaking i'm in and i'm catching the move towards this level.That's it And i'm gonna take 50 off here then hourly levels whatever it is. I'm gonna hold so what's the what's the plan here? my trading rules plan the trade and Trade the plan Over and over and over and over and over and on fucking again until you motherfucking get rich. Just do this You got this I have him i'm just so fucking proud of you.You're fucking killing it. Let's fucking go Hey in the next videos you're gonna be fun because i'm literally gonna give you So many pointers of how to actually fucking make this happen how to Man, they're gonna be good. I'm, so fucking pumped up.Let's motherfucking go
cm59k888c4lc72qfp150All right, what is going on fam in this video and bunch of next moving forward videos we're going to discuss about My day-to-day activities the things that I do every single day And why is this important and why you should do this because this is my daily routine as a full-time day trader literally, all right Day trader you got it. Now. You can change this if necessary.This works for me Doesn't mean it's gonna work for you. All right, feel free to adjust this If necessary, man, I would even say do not just follow it straight away Just try to understand try to learn and then you move forward. All right You got it.Let's jump into introductions and then we'll go individual point in individual videos. All right now I'll give you a simple plan here fam. All right now Without any we'll cut we'll cut the bullshit.All right now think about this for a minute. I have been day trading Let me make my video bigger so That I have points here too many And put it in the middle. All right i've been trading for a living since End of 2019 and over time I have come to realize that literally stress, you know stress Is a part and parcel of this job It's a game we're playing It does not matter how long you've been trading how much of an expert you are Who you are, what's your fucking name? What's your last name? It doesn't give a fuck man at times of trading Like literally there will be times that trading is literally stressful It's just a job description All right That's just like being a doctor.It's not like oh when you um If you're gonna fucking touch blood ever if you're gonna ever see blood, it's not if it's when Same goes in trading The blood in trading is stress It's not about oh if i'm gonna be stressed you're gonna be when you're gonna be stressed which is every day pretty much It's just a just a job description and it is what it is, you know, I mean we need to just accept it Now most traders just do not understand how to create the feeling of calmness serenity Peace throughout the day. In fact, man many of like many people I see many people do this The stress of the market accumulates so much in their lives outside of trading it's bizarre They've literally wrecked their whole life. They wrecked their marriage.They wrecked their, you know relationships because of trading Man i've been there too man. I promise you i've been there too where I have literally Wrecked a lot of relationships in my life But here's the thing man, but i've learned a few things that have helped me create some Rules and maintain a feeling of calmness in me and spaciousness no matter what i'm relaxed more relaxed Back in the day and I make more money It's just a series of habits that i've developed over the years, right? That I give The whole credit to those they're super helpful and I make sure I practice them every single day And one thing to remember is that you can't control the things that happen in the market. It just doesn't work this way You cannot control what's happening in the market only thing that you can control is what Or how you react to those things? Okay, because here's the thing You can't control the things that happen in the market.
You certainly can't control what it shapes up as the outcome of your trades like Think about this somebody on the other side of the world is about to dump tesla shares They have like 250 000 tesla shares They're about to sell 250 000 tesla shares and you're about to jump in tesla calls because of a big order the stock price Is going to go down But you can't control what's happening in the market. You can't control What outcome it brings the only thing you can control is how you're going to respond to it if the stock is moving down Hits your stop loss. You should get out.You see what i'm saying? The only thing that is important is how are you going to control? Your response To the shit that's happening in the market now, there's two ways you can kind of Go about this. All right, you can let undesirable Outcome, you know, we don't nobody likes when we are like planning and something else happens You can let undesirable outcomes stress you or you can respond with peace acceptance and calmness Two options you can either go full nuts or you can full go. All right, you know what it is what it is Okay, I got it Which one I suggest the latter no matter what the outcome is whether the it Like doesn't matter what the outcome is doesn't matter you lose money doesn't matter nothing but at the end of the day Whether it's a result of your mistake or it's just a normal distribution of wins and losses of your trading system doesn't matter I suggest go calm go easy watch your reaction See what i'm saying it is a game we're playing and you need to play it with the rules and Whatever you do outside of trading is literally going to bring bring itself to trading so That's introduction.Um We're going good and I think they're going to be maybe another five or six videos um in this particular module And this particular part will have another five videos coming and um, yeah, i'll see in the next one You got this keep pushing keep going. I'll see you soon. Peace
cm59k908c4lc72qfp15gAll right, what is going on fam? Hope you are having the best year of your entire life. In this video we're gonna talk about the fifth part of my daily schedule, my daily life, everyday life, which is be well prepared. Very important again.Now, a lot of people miss this, they forget about this. You know why? Because they start making money, they forget that they need to be prepared as well. You know when Mike Tyson was winning all the time, you know the mistake he made? When he started losing, he would be too drunk and still going to go fight.There came a point where he was like winning so bad, he would be on drugs and still be, you know, a little high next day and still try to go fight. And he got knocked out. He was the greatest boxer of all time.See what I'm saying? And he made a mistake of when he was winning, he forgot to be well prepared. Be willing to put in time fam. It's important.It's important. Be willing to put in time. It takes time to get rich.It takes time to stay richer. Now read all the news before the market open. Know, at least know what time the news is coming out.The market opens at 9.30 Eastern Time. 9.45 there's some news coming out. You should know it.10 o'clock there's some news coming out. You should know it. Otherwise, what would happen? You will be sitting in a trade and market goes up and down like this and you're like man what happened? This is what happened.Now don't try to short the stock that has a lot of good news as the chart says it's bearish. If there's some good news going on any stock, don't just go, oh the chart looks bearish. Let me go short.No, if the investor's sentiment is bullish, the stock is going to go up and same goes to the downside. If there's a lot of bad news hitting, even if the chart says bullish, don't go long. Doesn't matter what, you know, if there's a lot of news, investor sentiment is bad.Doesn't matter how, you know, how beautiful the chart looks. Don't go long for swing trades. Okay, for day trades, yes, we can go whatever we want to do.For swing trades, very important. Now technical analysis, something that even a school kid can do. Man, I can teach my system to a school kid and he can fucking make money.But you know why you have edge? What gives you as a edge to make more money than a
school kid is you add sentimental trading to this. Like our trading will become super strong when we add sentiments to it. Not our sentiments, but other people's sentiments.There comes a point where you're like, I know for a fact the pain of other people is going to be so massive that they will sell. And when they sell, the stock is going to drop and I'm going to catch that drop. See what I'm saying? When we try to understand the psychology of other people, that's when the money starts coming to you as a trader.You'll make more money than anyone else ever did. All right, put more time into the market before the market open. But when the market opens, trade your plan, execute like a motherfucker and get the fuck out of your office.Literally, right? You get my point? Put more time into the market before the market open. But when the market opens, trade your plan, trade your levels, execute like a motherfucker, execute like a sniper. Bro, be a sniper, don't be a machine gun.All right, and get the fuck out of your office. Period. Eat, sleep, do this and repeat every day. Every single day. And you will be rich. All right.You're doing fucking amazing. Very good. Let's fucking go. I'll see you in the next one. Bye. Peace.
cm59k988c4lc72qfp160All right, what is going on fam, so we finished it All right Let me finish it fam. We done. We did it.We did it. We did it. This module is done.We did it Motherfucker did it. All right now What we discussed we discussed account management in detail. We went over very very nitty gritties of account management, right? We went over my trading rules Right.I showed you my nine principles and I showed you how should you be formulating your rules as well Right and then comes how to follow your rules Right. I showed you why you need a such a calm life So those rules become a principle then those are something that you need to follow every single day That moving forward becomes your literally such a big thing that you need to improve on every single day Next is my daily schedule and my activities of a full-time day trader How I stay calm how I stay Reactive how I stay peace how I do everything man. It's important so important See what i'm saying And you killed it man.We killed it. This is a long module This is a very small recap that we did in this video But it was a long module and you killed it and i'm so proud of you Man, I smell a winner I smell a winner And I know you're a winner let's fucking go keep pushing keep going don't just go straight jump on to the next module Take a little break Um, take a day or two days off. All right, you got this And then we get back to this All right Sweet Go get a drink Go relax.Go watch some tv you deserve it. You deserve it today. You deserve it 100% All right. I'll see you soon. Peace
cmlne74hnk6s72tgpn0gAlright, and this is done, this is done, done on my beautiful face, okay, alright, let's get everybody in, shoot, see me now, I see myself, let's get it, alright, what is going on everybody, hope you guys doing well, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, what's happening, sweet, let's get it man, alright, hope you guys had the best trading week of your life, today, early in the day was pretty choppy and the moment I walked away, shit started freaking trendy, but I took one trade after I finished the call and that trade was on SPX and let me show you guys, I could have managed a little bit well but I was trading from my phone so I didn't want to do too much, but it was a beautiful trade, you guys can see my screen right, alright, sweet, this is the trade that I took, pretty simple, 11.40, we had a pull back, pull back towards the ATMA, nice candle, 10 minute candle, and the next right here I executed, took some profits half the day and I sold everything at this fucking candle, I missed a big bump, I sold everything around here, wasn't a big move, like this killed my premium a lot, this 10 minutes killed my premium a lot, but as I said I was trading from my phone and my goal was just to take the trade, my goal was definitely to make money, but my biggest goal here was I saw a setup and I executed, that was it, it was a beautiful trade, beautiful trade, could have managed it a little bit well, but hey, it is what it is. Alright fam, you guys ready for, you guys ready for the stuff, how do, day trade, SPX, the right fucking way, alright, and as I said, I swear in the fucking text as well, so, alright, take it easy, let's get it, make sure you guys have notes, a place to take notes and everything, just do a thumbs up by the way if you see my powerpoint, alright, sweet, let's get it man, so first thing, this is what we are going to cover, alright, why trade SPX, what do you need to trade SPX, what's the benefit, alright, then is it suitable for small trading, we'll see, if it is, how should we trade it and the fun stuff, alright, what is the best strategy to trade this, because I realize you can't do just anything that you do on a normal stock on SPX, okay, SPX moves a little bit different, what is the correct way to select strike price, this is where the money is, this is where literally everything is, okay, this is what will keep your stop loss tight and your risk very minimum, while you get to fucking make a lot of motherfucking money, alright, then one bonus tip I learned to trade SPX and this changed everything, how I looked at the charts, then comes how to draw levels on SPX, how to see trends, again, LTP, the basis candles, okay, we'll see how we do that, then how to set profit targets on SPX, because this is where you want to set profit targets in a way where you're not taking profits too early, okay, like today trade right here on SPX, I sold a little bit early, if I would have had a better, like I sold at 1240, so if I would have been watching the right way of, right way on SPY, I would have been able to make way more money, so this is where I sold, I should have kept a little bit, but hey, this was 480 was a critical level and it was like previous all time highest pretty much, so I was like, alright man, I was a little bit scared because I shouldn't execute from a point, but I sold here because I was thinking of 480 might be having a rejection, but anyway, how could have I managed this trade well, plus how to set proper profit targets on SPX, now how to set stop losses, because this is where you will keep your risk the minimum and some universal levels, some levels that should be on your SPX charts all the time, like every day, these levels don't even play around, these levels should
be there all the time, then what are the bounces or reject levels on SPX, on a bigger scale, there's a bounce and reject spot on SPX, that doesn't mean we can take a trade straight away from the bounce and reject spots, but that just means that don't take a trade around those areas, because price can bounce or reject quite heavy, and then what should you be doing with the profits you make from SPX, because you will make money, if you follow the system you will make money, but what's the goal, what's the bigger goal, and I'll try to remind you the bigger goal again, now why trade SPX, the first point, why trade SPX, there are a few reasons why I think SPX trading is pretty good for you, at the end of the day man, everything that you do, like there are multiple benefits of trading SPX and there's some drawbacks as well, we'll look at some benefits first, some benefits of trading SPX are, look at protocommon, you don't need much money to trade SPX, like literally a $1000 account can do the job, basically a $200 position size can make you $500 or $800, if you know how to actually let the runners run, so low capital requirement, quite low, which is very important, then we have cash settled, what I mean by that is, let's say you have, I only had to do it once and I was surprised how the fuck this works, so let's say you have 4650 calls, okay, and this day, this weird day, I was about at 5 contracts and I forgot to, I actually thought I closed it but I pressed the wrong hotkey and I added 5, I did not, I just finished my day, sweet, beautiful day, oh my god, such a beautiful day, done, now price was where it was but price closed by the end of the day above this price, right, price closed, I was in the money at the end of the day, only that happened once with me so I don't know these rules now but what happened was, so let's say if they closed at, I entered, maybe my average would be like 6, if they closed at 20, these contracts closed at 20, I got paid, even if I didn't do anything, I got paid based on the contracts that I had, times 10, 2000 times 10, pretty much, right, so when they settle, they settle everything in cash, like anyone in the money, you get your money, right, just do some research on this, as I said, I'm about 70% sure about this, that it still works the same way but I was very, I'm like what the fuck happened because next day I was journaling, I'm like what, I didn't make that much money, then when I looked at it, I'm like shit, I added and at the end of the day, they just gave me the money, whatever they owed me, which is good and tax advantages, talk to your CPA, lower capital gains, I think 60 or 40%, there's some rules for you guys, for US and I'm not from US so hey, this is what I think, alright, so 60, 40, pretty good at the end of the day, if you think about it, alright, then we have some drawbacks of trading SPX, one of the biggest drawbacks that we have is there's high risk of loss, high risk of loss in a way where your emotions get in the way, you took trade on Amazon, you took trade on Tesla or you took trade on NVIDIA and now you're down on the day and you look towards SPX as something they're going to save you, that's the biggest downside, your emotions, your brain, alright, what usually happens with people is where people start trading, literally hate trading SPX after this, they do something stupid themselves and then they start hating SPX, like they start hating the game, so what they do is they take a big loss on some other stock but then they switch to SPX because they can make some money in hopes of SPX will be my saviour, okay, ever happened to anybody here? It happened to me in the past, we have like switched to SPX because I'm thinking oh, this will be able to save me for money, back in the day, Amazon and Tesla used to be these, but this is a high risk of loss and the second one is time decay, brutal time decay, like it's crazy, like you can be, like these contracts that you are
in, they might be at 20 fucking dollars right now, alright, but 10 minutes later, if they had a little pull back, these contracts can be at 12, these contracts moved wild and if you start looking at oh, I was up 2000, now I'm up only 1200, let me see what happens, you're fucked, that's it, see you later, if your system says take profits and you start looking at I was up 2000 man, now I'm up only 1200, now I'm probably 800, that's it, goodbye, yeah, because it's tough to manage your emotions on it, very tough, so don't swing SPX, it's stupid, alright, and this is very, very important fam, very important, if you have a critical level and you have few contracts, make sure you take profits on a lot of them and the one contract that you have running, don't get attached to, write this down, never get attached to unrealized profits on SPX. Alright, I'll fuck you up, don't get attached to unrealized profits on SPX, swinging SPX is suicide, there's some right ways to kind of do it, which moving forward when I make a swing trading little stuff for you guys, I'll break down, but that's about it, I was up 78 and closed minus 313 seconds, right, brutal, but if it would have paid man, it would have paid you fucking 1000, you see what I'm saying, so it's alright, anyway, market volatility, there's another one, now crazy VIX happening and you think like, oh my god, it could have been so much easier, just short here, go long here, short here, go long here, nah, bro, you're just a guest, if you ever start thinking of anything outside LTP, you're a guest in the stock market, remember this, alright, temporary guest, alright, because you won't last too fucking long, alright, there's another one, another thing that I learned about trading SPX is, and this is kind of, this kind of goes in, this kind of is a little important, this one very key thing about trading SPX is it somehow starts, it somehow is really, really good if you trade out of the money contracts, like a little out of the money, they have very good returns based on the, based on the investment that you put in, but at the same time, at the same time, don't get too crazy about, oh, let me size up too much, even though the contracts are cheap fam, even though the contracts are like, let's say, $30, and you're like, oh, I can do 10 contracts, sweet, it's stupid, it's one of the worst thing, ways to think about it, because $30 in 10 contracts on SPX is very different to $30 on Apple in 10 contracts, very, very different, okay, because this can make sense, because this might give you like 10% loss, if the trade didn't work, 20% loss max, if this trade doesn't work, it can take literally within seconds, 50 to 60, 70, 80% away from you rather quickly, so only put, write this, another thing down, only put whatever you are happy to lose, just in case, in SPX, okay, now, you know how we kind of always look at things like, oh, okay, I'm happy to lose 10% or 20% or 30% of, like, we don't even kind of think this way, but we all have a number in our head, where we like, oh, I'm like, man, I'm taking a risk, I'm like, you know, my walkaway limit for the day is $200, if I'm down 200, I walk away, okay, and if you're trading SPX, that means if the contract is $30, you can do two contracts, boom, period, don't do one contract, like, that will even fuck you up more, don't do one contract on SPX, do at least two, but have about 50% on average as a stop-loss, right, so that means if 260 is your position size, that means roughly think, like, if the trade doesn't go, 130 to 150 is what you're going to lose, are you okay with it, sweet, if you're not, don't trade it, right, but one thing I'll tell you, maybe we are, and this will sound a little bit crazy, maybe about 60% to 70% of the trades on SPX are not going to work, right, they just won't work, but when it works, they'll pay you 100%, okay, so it kind of, at the end of the day, you will be green big time, so put this in your head, it's not about picking, for, especially for SPX, it's not about picking the
right stock at the right time, it's more about when you have picked the right direction on trades, like, days like today, if you pick the right direction, you need to be in the fucking trade to make a lot of money, because there's literally no point later on in the day saying, oh, if I would have not sold, I would have been up fucking 95k, who gives a fuck, man, but you sold, stop thinking that shit, all right, so don't ever think this way, but at the same time, you got to let your runners run at least one contract, and I know Jessica, she trades SPX a lot, and she loves trading SPX, but I know she let runners run, there's always at least one runner fucking running, and she doesn't get attached to unrealized gains, don't get attached to unrealized gains, because what will happen is, you're up 2000, and you're like, oh my god, now, this is the biggest trading day, and then a little pullback, where you should get out, like, you're only up 1200, they'll fuck you up, okay, don't get, don't even watch the unrealized gains, that's, oh, that's bad on SPX, that's really fucking bad, don't even look at the P&L, right, you shouldn't look at P&L on anything, but especially with SPX, don't, just don't, all right, yeah, here you go, Jessica, she don't watch P&L, it's very important, if you want to keep trading SPX all the time, all right, now, is it suitable for small trading accounts, all right, before we kind of even go over this, let me ask you guys this question, what makes us money, let me know in the chat, well, actually, what do you think makes us trade is money, LTP, following the system, right, proper setup and basis, again, the system, right direction, patience, discipline, system, there you go, right, this, again, this is another quote that I told you guys, yeah, today, earlier today as well, discipline is just remembering why you want it, anyway, that's discipline, okay, so, what makes us money is LTP, what makes us money is system, what makes us money is our whole system where we take profits, the way we switch our time frames, the way we look at the trends, the whole thing, that's actually what makes us money, all right, now, leveraging your money, exactly, so, basically, at the end of the day, system makes us money, system makes money, everything, everybody has a system, you know, if you go read about, because I like to read a lot about successful companies and there's a letter that Jeff Bezos wrote, it's a shareholder letter to everybody, he said the one thing, because everybody started asking him back in the day, what will be the difference between Amazon and any retail store, what will be the big difference, you know what his answer in the shareholder letter was, he said on the retail store, how do they do things, person goes in, buys whatever, goes to the cashier, pays, walks away, sometimes the cashier says, oh, by the way, do you also want this, that's it, sometimes, sometimes, not always, depends on how day she's in, so this is a retail, Amazon has a system, he said we have a system, the system is, they come, they select, they add to the cart, then we show other things that can go with it, so they take that and then when they're about to pay, we show, keep shopping for this and if they fall out, if they're like, oh, no, I don't want it, we send them emails, we send them emails, we send them something similar emails, so it triggers their responses again and all this, how they kind of, even if you fall off Amazon, man, just do it once, all right, do it once, make a fake email account, right, go on Amazon, put a few things in your cart and don't buy it, I go, just about to pay, add to cart, complete transaction, just don't pay, at the end, at the last minute, just walk away, don't pay, watch how they fucking trigger you to buy that shit, the next week or so, they'll send you emails, they won't actually say, oh, your stuff in your cart now, they don't do that shit, the system, their system says, they won't send you, oh, your stuff is in the
fucking cart, no, if you were watching, let's say, a laptop, they'll try to show you some other fucking computer items that can go with the laptop, like make you feel like, oh, how good your life be, once you have a laptop and now you have such a fancy fucking mouse, that goes with it, like, oh, damn, if I buy this, then I have to buy the fucking laptop as well, all right, now, what happens, you buy a laptop and you buy the mouse and then they fucking show you, okay, now, you probably need a fucking desk, how about a chair, all right, this is one thing that I actually learned from, there's a book called the art of money getting, and he talks about that whole thing, someone buys a fancy t-shirt, let's say, a fancy shirt, all right, you go and buy a fancy shirt and this is how the system, they get you, all right, this is the system, you buy a fancy shirt, now, what happens, oh, man, my shirt's so fancy, I spent so much money on it, but I do not have the right pants to go with it, let me go buy pants, so you go buy pants, oh, shit, I need shoes, now, you buy shoes, oh, might get a watch as well, look good, okay, you get a watch, now, you're walking around in your home, while you're putting this on, you're like, man, my clothes look too good, but I need a fucking better couch, okay, you buy the couch, oh, it would be good if I have a library at this corner, it kind of goes with the system, oh, my furniture looks too old, like, this table and chair looks too old, let me update, upgrade that, so, especially this happens with a lot of people who make a little bit of money, like, really quickly, and they start upgrading their lifestyle, I fell in this trap 2020, okay, I bought one thing, then just things that go with that thing, I started buying, okay, oh, I'm like, man, I bought this such a beautiful TV cabinet, now, I need a fucking better TV on it, this TV looks too small, so, I got a bigger fucking TV, oh, shit, might be fucking good if I have a sound bar, all right, done, oh, might be good if I have this home theater, fucking actually chairs, nice fucking chairs, oh, shit, oh, this house is too small, man, look for a fucking better house, you see what happened there, the system of how they kind of get us started, and I was in a fucking downhill, now, this is another reason why I always tell people that, especially when you start buying shit, man, it's not about fancy car, they're fucking gonna make you, you know, make you feel good, it's about the energy that goes into the fucking car, all right, you need a place to keep it, keep it tidy, keep it clean, keep all this, it takes so much energy out of your life, and that doesn't make us money, but what actually makes us money in trading is literally the system, your levels, how to draw levels, how to watch the trend, how to keep your patience in, and another beautiful thing that I like about this is you can put too much, like too little money, you can make a lot of money, so it's perfect for small trading accounts, all right, especially if you know what you're doing, and especially if you have discipline to kind of follow through, all right, that's the difference between Amazon and retail, Amazon has a system, but what's the difference between us and all the other suckers out there, what do you think, all the fucking dickheads trying to trade up outside, they just want to buy in the middle of nowhere, sell in the middle of nowhere, what's the difference, the system, so what are we, we are Amazon in this game, and they're just retail traders, does it make sense, we want to think as like fucking trillion dollar company man, that's what I want you guys to think like, all right, now that's what makes us money, the system, now we know that, but let's look at the difference between A and B, okay, person A, person A sucks, like he really, really sucks at reading the room, he says wrong shit at the wrong time, he does wrong shit at the wrong time, person B is master at reading the room, this is why I think a lot of successful
traders, a lot of successful traders are usually very, very insanely street smart, they're street, like a lot street smart, why, they're very good at reading the room, they know when to say, what to say, how to say it, and people who are like nerdy types, nah, they have won everywhere in their life, when trading they usually do not win, the big reason is, they suck at reading the room, what do I mean by that, simple thing here is, trader A takes the position, okay, takes a position, market's trendy, market's super trendy, let's say this day, market's super trendy, he takes a position, still stubborn, doesn't know how to read the room, still want to take a position with like one or two contracts that he usually does, it's super trendy, the odds of him having this trade work out is super high, but this guy is super good at reading the fucking room, he looks at the market, he's like, today is the day, everyone's so interested in this, think of like, I actually told Ron this other day, think of stock market as actually a living being, okay, think of like, it's breathing, it's people managing it, right, the candle's up and down, it's not going because of whatever fucking reason you think, the candle's going up and down is because there are other people putting money in, okay, so think of the stock market, the stock chart that you're looking at as actually something that's living, it's breathing, so what happens when you go out there, let's say, Graham, Graham, hope you're doing well, let's say you go out there and you jump on the fucking road and you start running, literally start running the fastest you can, you go for probably two minutes, right, one minute, full sprint and what do you need after that, what do you do, you take a little breather, just relax, fuck, you're just trying to catch your breath again, right, think of stock market the same way, this is one thing I do not understand how people look at the charts, they think, oh, no breathers allowed, can you run for like fucking 30 minutes, right, no, why do you think that people will be able to, like stock market, it's actual living being, it's somebody in there, there's a heart, there's emotions, everything is there, it's running from last 20 minutes, what does it need, it needs a little fucking breather, but why do you sell when the breather is happening, people fucking sell this whatever they're holding in a little breather and then they're like, oh my god, if only if I would not have sold, we all, there are some days we all feel in the zone, yes, everybody, there's some days you feel in the zone and some days you just want to fucking chill, right, even if you're most disciplined motherfucker and go to the, even if you go to the gym fucking five days a week, you discipline, but there's one day where you don't, like the rest day, where you just want to relax, you want to just sit, watch some fucking movie, chill, relax with your wife, you know, don't worry about nothing, so what's a relaxed day, for the market, the chop, the choppy time is a relaxing time, all right, and you know what we try to do, we suck at, fuck, a lot of motherfuckers, you, like a lot of you guys suck at reading the room, all right, so what happens here, once you become master at reading the room man, you'll be able to see, okay, like let's say, back in the day when I was a little kid and I wanted to ask my dad for some money, I will wait for the day when he's feeling really, really happy for some reason, we all as kids, we did that, right, you want something, but you want to fucking, like not start the conversation straight away, or not even that, but we didn't ask something that we want on days when we know our parents are having a shit day, or they're having an argument, or they're angry, yeah, we didn't, I was a little fucking, I was a dickhead kid, man, I used to make my mom and dad fight, and then I'd go to my dad and be like, hey dad, you look after me more than mom, like yeah, I'm like, can you, can you please get me this,
yeah, sure, mom, my mom's, I said, she was like, mom said she won't get me it, that's like, yeah, I look after you more, you know, I love you more, anyway, I get, do the same thing with my mom, half an hour later, and then they have money for boats, I used to make them fight, I'm like, now the dickhead, but anyway, but it's again, it was only about reading the room, I'm like, all right, I knew my parents psychology, and I knew how to, like trigger them, I'd say, same thing goes everywhere, man, you should be able to read the fucking room, now, this market today, perfect day, in this instance, market's super trendy, like it's a nice, trendy fucking day, and you can see it's a nice, trendy day, trader A, who sucks at reading the room, will get stuck to his old fucking ways, I'm a only do-do contract, why? He don't know fucking actually how to make money, this motherfucker just, he's a fucking nerd, all he does is like sit there, I don't want to say too much, but hey, but you get the point, right, and on the other side, this dude, B, master at reading the room, and of course, he's a sucker, right, master at reading the room, what does he do? He looks at the market, he's like, man, today's the day, everything's trendy, this day actually fucking looks good, what does he do? Normally, he does two contracts as well, but he's like, oh man, this patient's candle's really little, like these are the green candles, then we have a red candle, and this patient's candle's really fucking little, oh my goodness, this is such a good trade, this is a profit target, this is a risk, you know what, fuck it, I'm going five contracts, he read the room right, because he knows top loss is very tight, does it make sense? This motherfucker, even if this, he still does two contracts, sells a little bit early, and then cries, this dude's like, nah, there's no reason to fucking sell, if I have more contracts that do not mean, oh, I'm up a lot of money now, I should sell everything, so, try to, wherever you go, always in your life, man, in your real, like, outside trading, start doing this one thing, whenever you go out, try to fucking notice people around you, try to think of the psychology, what they might be thinking right now, what they're doing, how they react to things, you will literally be able to bring a lot of that information in your trading, you'll see how people react to, when, oh, they're about to drop their phone, right, people about to drop their phone, doesn't matter if they're holding a fucking coffee, they're going to get their fucking phone, and then spill their coffee, these little things, I've realized, the sudden reactions that we have as traders, comes from our normal life, right, so, when we're about to drop a phone, you're about to drop it, and you just bought it, what do you do, like, try to catch it, your fucking best, or you try to fucking put your feet underneath, or whatever, something that can avoid the fucking, you know, so it doesn't break, people do this in trading, the sudden reactions that you do not even think, like, I'm sure that you all do sometimes things in your life where you do not even think, but you did it, sudden quick reactions, right, and we do that in our trading, sudden quick reactions, we all know that we should be waiting for bids and asks to get above a level, right, you have your order ready to go, like, your order ready to go, everything ready to go, just need to press this button, and the price gets above this particular area that you're watching, price gets above, the bids and asks, bids are still holding below, right, bids are still holding below, but we, sometimes, what we do is, we press the button, just because, not even thinking, the sudden reaction, anybody ever did that, where bids and asks is not actually above it, but you press the button, because it's of the, it's the sudden fucking reaction that we do in our life, boom, fuck, I didn't, I wasn't even thinking, and then the trade doesn't work, it's going down, it's going
literally about to hit your stop loss, you stay in the fucking trade, this is another stupid thing, that's like the sunk cost fallacy, what the fuck, if you entered, I do that sometimes, all right, but if I enter, and I know the bids, oh shit, I made this stupid mistake, I sell, I do not even wait for my stop loss, this trade was not meant to be on, why the fuck are we holding the trade, this trade was not meant to be fucking taken, and this was a mistake that you made, now why are you holding the mistake, hoping the price goes above, why don't you sell this and get back in again, right, and watch your sudden reactions in your life as well fam, just sudden reaction, how you react, like after you do it, just try to think of, oh, I just did that, I didn't even realize, I did, I didn't even realize, try to control it a little bit, all right, try to control it, like have you ever watched those little fucking videos where someone's holding a coffee, and the other dude's like, what's the time, bro, they just go like this, just because wanna check the fucking wrist, by holding a coffee cup, coffee spills everywhere, on them, what does that happen, that's our response to doing, like we, as individuals fam, we are so used to us having other people tell us what to do, and we have, we think like, oh, we have to do it at the same time, and we forget what place we are at right now, as we talk, and we just do whatever they say, and we do it, and we forget, oh shit, I'm holding a fucking burning coffee in my hand, and this is what the market does, market realizes, oh shit, it's a perfect time, his emotions at the peak, the coffee's burning hot, like, comes to you, hey, by the way, what's the time, boom, you spill everywhere, why, that little bitch inside the market knows how to trigger you, okay, give you like two hours of job, then the trend starts, but now you do not trust the trend, because of previous two-hour job, once we start thinking of it like, oh, you know what, it was just having a little lazy day in the morning, and now he's going back to the fucking original life, I was just not feeling well in the morning, but now he's feeling well, the trend picked up, why don't we execute, why do we hold, oh, but in two hours early in the morning, it was so choppy, okay, who cares, sometimes when we wake up, we don't feel like fucking doing much, yeah, then you get back to the track, think of it as a living being, does it make sense, or you're going over your head, all right, so start reading the fucking room, make you a lot of money, all right, now, master the game, what do I mean by that, everybody knows this song, Rex in the Middle, that was the, I think that was the last song that he released himself before he died, yeah, anyway, so there's a line in this song, it goes, gotta cross my t's and dot my i's, or I can't sleep at all, had a massive impact on me, stand up, play it, it goes, gotta cross my t's and dot my i's, so I can't sleep at all, what does that mean, it simply means, if you know you should be following this particular framework, you gotta wait for every single fucking thing to happen before you enter the trade, if there's no patient scandal, but everything else looks good, don't fucking enter, the bigs and ask are not above it, don't fucking enter, but if you entered because of emotional response, and now, what should you be doing, you should be getting out, and you know that, you get out, follow the system, the whole thing, the whole stuff, doesn't matter fucking how you feeling, if you have a shit day, that doesn't give you a fucking, a free pass to do whatever the fuck you want, stop trying to feel good with trading, please, if you're having a shit day in your life, I'm sorry, trading doesn't give a fuck, stop trying to make stock market make you feel like a little important, it's not gonna work, just follow the system, right, cross your t's and dot your i's, that's so important, right, now, what's the best strategy for trading this, by the way, another thing that we had for, is it
suitable for the small accounts, is one, this little thing that I'll write down here, it's perfect, actually, perfect for small accounts, right, perfect, small accounts, the second thing is, you can literally spend about, let's say, $300 on a position size, $300 to $500, depending on how much money you have in your trading account, on this, and you can try to catch the whole move, okay, if you try to catch the whole move, even with less contracts, two contracts, three contracts can do the job, you can make a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, right, simply put, you can make a lot of money, you won't be able to lose a lot of money if you follow the system, if you don't follow the system, good luck, doesn't matter how hard you fucking try, that's it, you're not making no money, the stop loss is there, basing scandals, stop loss is there, profit target is there, hit your stop loss, get the fuck out if you wanna make money, over time, right, don't just think of today, oh, today I wanna make money, like, today on a bigger scale, doesn't even matter, right, anybody here who remembers two years ago, or a year ago, what happened in your trading, this exact day, do you remember, two years ago, this exact day, or a year ago, this exact day, or six months ago, this exact day, three months ago, this exact day, last month, this exact date, what happened in your trading, do you remember, without looking at your journals or anything, do you remember, no, what does that mean, that means today is not as important as you fucking think, on a bigger scale, you will not even remember today, right, but you know how you will remember, if you blow up everything, and you do not have any more money to trade, you will remember this day, right, so, on a bigger scale, it don't matter, like, back in the day, man, I remember the day exactly, fam, when I cried because I had a $230 loss, I remember this day so vivid, I took a $230 loss, and I cried like a fucking baby, and I felt like my world's ending, because I used to work for like $10 an hour at that stage, and I literally was like, my goodness, this, like, nah, this is what I make almost in fucking three or four days, and lost in like one trade, right, well, now I'm looking back, do you think the $230 is, like, even matter, like on a bigger scale, I made millions now, that $230 made us know, why, the goal is to stay in the system, stay in the whole game, you know, to master the game, you need to be fucking in the game, that $230, my trading account would have been around $2k or $3k at that stage, and I lost $230, and I cried, but I didn't lose the whole account, because I was still in the game now, you see what I'm saying, so, goal is to stick in the system, stick in the game, that's how you can master the game, alright, don't go heavy just because you want to make your money back, doesn't work, alright, now, what is the best strategy for trading, SPX, 0DT SPX, which is price action, price action, don't watch, no indicators, especially when you're trading, I personally believe, if you want to trade SPX, you don't need to watch SPX chart, watch SPY's chart, that's how you make money, watch SPY's price action, have SPY's levels, yeah, whatever price is doing, have SPY's levels, manage your trade, then, every $1 move on SPY, you're going to make a $10 move, approximately, on SPX, that's pretty fucking decent, pretty fucking decent, right, so, only trade when we know the trend is there, like, at the end of the day, man, if you're risking 50% of your position size on a trade, and you only make 20%, because you're trying to trade very micro trend, you're not going to work, over time, you're not going to work, so, you know for a fact, if you're risking about 50%, you need at least 100% to stay in the game, one to two risk to reward, right, so, what do we need, in order, how can we make, how can we catch big move, what do we need, to catch a big move, we need a fucking trend, the trend is not there, you're not going
to make no money, right, so, only trade SPX, when we have trend, don't try to break tops and bottoms, not going to work, never going to work, never going to be perfect, remember on AMD, the other day, we got a $5 move, and I sold a little bit early, and then it went another $2 move up, am I supposed to say a cry about it, no, I know, I have accepted, after so long, I won't be able to catch the tops and bottoms, it's alright, we do not catch the bottoms, you know how, you know why, because we have patience candles, we don't try to catch the bottoms, we have patience candles, now, it's only about tops, yeah, sometimes, you'll sell a little bit early, but it's alright, so, wait for the trend, don't try to pick tops and bottoms, right, price action, price action is the king, so, you did the entry, now, the candles are getting bigger, wider and wider, which is the momentum stuff we're going to talk about, so, if this is your patience candle, and this is where you entered, so, that means this candle is this wide, right, this wide, the next candle we had that broke out, made this move, now, this candle is this wide, right, think about it, the next candle that comes, even more bigger, a little bit more wider, okay, next candle is even more bigger, more wider, you know what that means, that means momentum is picking up, this distance of the candle open to close, if it's getting wider and wider, that means trend is picking up, alright, does it make sense, that means the momentum is picking up, that means every $5 move is having a little bit more impact, right, a little bit more impact on the price chart, and this happens with us as well fam, like, whenever you start working on a project, the first 5 minutes when you're starting out is way less productive than somewhere in the middle, when you're totally in the zone, because their 5 minutes actually count a lot, like, because you can get a lot of shit done while you're actually getting it done, so, same thing, when the trend is actually starting, just think of it like a human being man, when the trend is starting, it's just getting in the fucking zone to get things done, so it can make a small move, no problem, but eventually, once it's in a fucking full zone, it knows what to do, have the plan fully ready to go, the candles will start getting bigger because it gets more shit done in 5 minutes than compared to what it started with, alright, 10 minutes or whatever the candle time frame is, so, and now, of course, like, after this, big moves, what do we expect, we expect a little breather, we all, like, after you fucking work 30 minutes, what do you do, stretch out, oh, damn, need to fucking relax, now, what does the stock do, just relax for a minute, makes 1 or 2 little candles, no problem, still going up, no problem, have a little red candle, alright, then, what happens, picks up again, so, what's basically happening here, start thinking of stock market as an actual living being, alright, it ran for a little bit, now, we need a little pullback, we need a little breather, if there's no breather, you know what happens, fam, let's say that there's no breather, we have, usually, I've seen this a lot of times, we'll get 1 big red candle, it just crashes, pretty much, why, the big reversals that happen, the big reversals, from my personal experience, only happens once this motherfucker is like, I, today, I'm going to just sprint fucking 100 miles, like, I'm not going to work, there'll be a point where he's, the exhaustion is at a point where he's just going to crash, right, same thing, just going to crash, so, pullbacks are healthy, right, sweet, got it, done, now, next, the system, thank you so much about this, alright, the system here is, and I use this a lot in my life, and I've shared this with a few people in my life as well, but this goes for everything that we do, everything, it starts with input, I've added a few things in the system as well, I've added one thing in the system that actually changed a lot of things for me, so, first, start with
input, what is input, what's input here, the trend, the trend setting up, the trend setting up, you spotting the trend is that you're trying to put the input in, you're figuring out which contracts you trade, that's you figuring out the input, okay, what you're going to put into this trade, how many contracts you're going to go, what strike price you're trading, if the trend is there, or let's wait for the patient scan, all that is an input, right, this makes, hey, by the way, if this makes sense, let me know in the chat, say yes, so far, everything makes sense, all right, sweet, so, first is input, everything that we do as a trader goes here, okay, all the stuff, levels, trends, patient scandals, your strike prices, your how many contracts you're going to trade, everything, then comes your LTP framework, the process, we put everything that we know of the chart, we put in the system, that gives us a stop loss, entry point, profit target, the contract price, ready, auto ready to go, everything ready to go, framework is there, ready to go, you execute, and what happens, what's the next step, it gives us the output, could be a green trade, could be a red trade, whatever, right, we got the input, now, put in the fucking system, executed the trade, we made some money, or we lost some money, then we need to go to the feedback, what did we learn, where do your journaling comes in, what did we learn from this, I entered, it fucked up, fucked me up here, okay, sweet, no problem, and that goes back to inputs again, but this whole thing requires your environment, and this is the one thing that I added, environment, what's an environment here, yes, exactly, so, the inputs changes when you have right environment, input changes to updated inputs, right, get a little bit better, now, what's environment here, environment is your ability to read the room, your ability to have right people by your side, now, there's so many people who have tried trading, even here, who have tried trading by yourself, just by yourself, usually doesn't end up well, or so many people who have tried some other trading discords, didn't end up well, why do I think KCU, and do it to any large, especially KCU, has such a beautiful environment, everyone's hungry, everyone's at the same level, everyone wants to get to the next level, yeah, because share what works for you, the trades that worked for you, the stuff that you learned, that's environment, you know, the reason why I made so much money so quick was my environment, I was hanging around with people as mentors and coaches who were mine, and they were making too much fucking more money, like way more money than me, I used to feel, I remember the time, I used to feel good about, oh, shit, I made a $50,000 a month, like in the whole business, but I was hanging around with people who make $50,000 a day, I'm like, oh, shit, fuck, okay, back to the hustle, and I tell this story to everybody, do you remember when I made, I think this was like my big, big, I don't exactly remember the numbers, I made so much money this month, this was like my biggest fucking month, I texted Shock Hunter, I thought, you know, I'm feeling fucking good about myself, like I should share, I texted him, hey, man, I made this much, just want to let you know, and the dude replied back, why are you sharing this with me, I'm like, oh, I just want, you know, I just wanted to share my progress and shit like that, he's like, oh, so how am I meant to respond to this, do you want me to feel good for you or feel bad for you, and I'm like, what do you mean, he's like, how the fuck are you going to live on that money, how the fuck do you want to live on that money, and that was like, oh, shit, okay, back to the grind, right, sometimes we get egoistic, like, oh, my God, I'm the fucking guy, now you're hanging around with motherfuckers, you're like, yeah, you're actually not, motherfucker, you're broke, come back to
the game, right, so the reason I'm telling you this is that's where the environment comes in, right, it doesn't let you get complacent, like comfortable, like, I promise you, man, I see you motherfuckers, everybody here who's on the call, man, I remember the days when you fucking first joined, the faces that you guys had, the faces you guys have now, it's about you getting better in everything, in every aspect, you get what I'm saying, getting better in every single aspect of your life, and then trading, trading is the last thing they're going to get better, you know, when you go to the gym and people say, oh, man, your fucking dummy is the last thing they're fucking going to go, right, and you're trying to fucking lose weight, it's the last thing that goes, the same thing, trading is the last thing in your life they're going to go, but everything in life is going to go first, but trading to fucking take inspiration from everything, right, like what Price says, always, the way you do one thing is the way you do everything, right, which is where environment comes in, which is where KCU comes in, which is where you all fucking having the right mindset, moving towards the right goals comes in, right, and take the best out of it, man, this is important, take the best out of it, I see some of you guys don't take the best out of it, like you have no idea what you fucking have, the community, you think, oh, other people fucking might be judging you, no, bro, what the fuck you talking about, if there's anybody to judge you, man, you're going to be fucking me, alright, nobody else, you're going to be me, you're going to fucking be laughing at your fucking shit, nobody else, but I'm like, the way stockhunter laughed at me for making this much money, I'm like that to you pretty much, see what I'm saying, so it gets you back on the fucking game, yeah, good to feel good about fucking something you did well, but at the end of the day, you just did your job, and when people start feeling good about their trades, oh my god, such a beautiful trade I took, yeah, you just did your job, go back to the fucking game, you see what I'm saying, there's nothing to fucking feel happy about, taking a good trade, there's nothing to feel happy about, it's your job, that's why we do this, alright, now, you say, no, stockhunter's old, old school, no, there's so many fucking things, motherfuckers crazy, by the way, now next is, there's one thing I've learned, fam, while we were, now that we are on this topic of price action, the one thing that I learned about trading this SPX is, the only thing that you need to do, fam, only thing, and I texted Jessica as well, she sent me some notes as well about every single question, so, trade when there is, only trade when there is trend, and write this stuff down, these are a few things that you need to freaking focus on, alright, only trade when there's a trend, nothing else, if there's no trend, don't worry about it, alright, trend, that means, not trading first half an hour on SPX, no problem, that means not trading for first hour on SPX, no fucking problem, but once you see a trend, and then you wait for a patient scanner, and then you do not take a trade, that's a big fucking problem, alright, so, trend, only execute when the trend is there, alright, next is, you wanna trade SPX, the one of the easiest thing to do is, don't watch SPX chart, I said this before, watch SPY's chart, now, how do you make, what do I mean when you watch SPY's chart, when you're trading SPX, have your alerts, this is what I everyday do, whenever I'm trading SPX, I have, I'm watching SPY's chart, but I have my alerts set on every 50 dollar mark, okay, if the price is, let's say 4784, 4800 is approaching, alright, I'm trading SPX, but I'm watching SPY's chart, because I don't wanna watch SPX chart, and watch two different charts at the same time, I'll set my alert, just at 4798, I'll set my alert, just when the price is about to
approach this, the alert goes off, oh no, SPX approaching 4800, does it make sense, you just wanna be careful around every 50 dollar move, every dynamite level is where you wanna be focused on, alright, the trend, trend starts in the pre-market, remember this, if the stuff capped up, remember this man, one thing, on SPX, if the stuff capped up about, I would say 8 out of 10 times or 7 out of 10 times, the gap will get filled, alright, the gap on SPX will get filled, they're mostly identical, yes, the most, they pretty much follow, follow each other man, alright, so the gaps that we get, overnight gaps we get, most of the time, if the trend in the pre-market was strong towards the upside, like this, and this is the gap, total gap we got, 8 out of 10 times I've seen this, too many fucking times, the trend will, this gap will get filled and the price will bounce heavy, okay, so the gap fill works a lot on this, okay, now, if we are somewhere around, let's say this, the gap fill is happening around, do we enter just straight away, no, look for on the trend, look for the fail in the structure, let's say this is the gap that we have in the pre-market, there's a fail in the structure, look for the patient scandals, you can catch this, if you want, okay, but don't enter at the top trying to find the top, wait for the structure to fail, wait for the structure to break, alright, two thumbs up, so far makes sense, alright, sweet, if the structure doesn't fail, please, please, please, please do yourself a favour, don't be stupid, alright, now, what's a correct way to select strike prices, alright, so far, so far we have discussed why should we trade SPX, you guys got it, suitable for small trading accounts, yes, what's the best strategy for trading zero duty SPX, simple, look for the trend, just trend, nothing else, okay, start thinking in a way of this, start thinking after a pullback, just take some time to get back in the zone, what's in the zone, once in the zone, the camera is going to get bigger and bigger, okay, the best way to trade SPX is price action, focus on price action, so try to think of, oh, let's see if this holds, this holds, that holds, that doesn't work, okay, especially while you try to enter the trade, like, don't look for, oh, let me set my stop loss below 80 MA, of course, we need to look for confluence that we always look at, like, you know, we always enter using a confluence, right, so we still need to look for confluence on SPX chart, so look for confluence, but don't have your stop losses based off the, oh, let me put my stop loss at the V bar or below the V bar or whatever, right, you can have a system to take profits out, which I'll talk about as we move forward using indicators, but that's valid, okay, we'll focus on price action, and this is important, just take a screenshot of this, take a screenshot of this, print this out, put this in your, put this on your desk, all right, wait, there's a cycle, they're going to keep working over and over again, all right, now, what's the correct way to select strike prices? First thing that we want to focus on is low premiums, we don't want to pay, like, at the money, SPX will have probably premiums around six dollars, seven dollars, eight dollars, we don't give a fuck, fuck it, we want to focus on low premiums, I usually, I love, personally, I love trading 4,700 or 4,000 or 4,750, if I'm trading in the middle, I'll go 4,720, I love these, okay, say 4,770 or 4,800, I love these especially, 0,0's, 5,0's, 7,0's, 2,0's, 0,0's again, all right, I love these, personally, make sense, all right, so, if the price is, let's say, if the price is at 4,724, I won't go this one, because it's a little bit close, I'll go 4,700, all right, if I have to, if I'm trading the upside, I'll go 4,750, sweet, it doesn't matter how many strikes out, I don't care about strikes, like, how many strikes out, usually, I'm always focused on, like, oh, as long as the contracts are about a dollar or max to dollar 50, this is, like, the sweet spot, all right, now, something that you are happy to risk, for example, if SPX is at 4,678, you can select 4,680,
85, 90, 95, 7, whatever moving onwards, these are all the contracts that we usually have available, personally, on my experience, I always, if it's a 4,678, I'll go for 4,700, I'm going for 4,700, okay, now, personally, if I know, based on the experience and data from SPICE chart, this can easily make a nice move, I'm looking for 4,700, period, because those are the premiums, it'll be a dollar, dollar 50, and these motherfuckers, bae, all right, now, they will be cheap, and if SPX went to 4,700, the premiums will move, let's say, from a dollar to six dollars, that's $500 gain from $100 position size, your position size, we were risking about $50 from it, that's 10 times, that's 10x your risk, that's a pretty good spot to be in, all right, so, you catch, you have a thousand dollar account, and you catch one move, now, your trading account's sitting at 1,500, boom, so, now, take the 500 out, keep your account about at the same spot, like, at the end of the day, we're doing two or three contracts on SPX, you know, when they pay, they're gonna pay a lot, so, you do not actually need $10,000 trading account, you can actually have a good living, like, live a decent living, which is like, way more than average people do, just from a thousand dollar trading account, I reckon, crazy, huh, keep taking money out, like, the dude I was telling you about started at 3,300, $3,300 trading account, last 20 days, took $10,000 almost out, heck, what, but the only way he was able to do it is, but keep taking profits out, otherwise, one bad day, probably lose it all, yeah, so, if you're right 40 times out of 100, you will be fucking making a lot of money, all right, sounds good, this is how we select premiums, all right, at the end, we'll do some Q&A as well, fam, but so far, this is what we have, okay, now, one tip that I learned about trading SPX, all right, one beautiful tip that I learned about trading SPX is, the simple thing, sell when you see panic in people, panic phase, I have another motherfucker that getting, like, this whole, oh, my God, oh, my God, such a big candle, such a lot of volume, and I said, I told this in the KCU as well, we went over this, if there's a crazy amount of volume on any candle, and the candle is a weird candle, you need to get the fuck out, remember, remember the volume module we broke down, if it's an insane volume, crazy volume, a crazy candle, you probably need to get out, that's a lot of panic, we don't want to be in, so when people are panicked, they do weird shit, like, you don't want to, if my brother's, if you try to fucking scare my brother, and he got panicked, he's going to fucking knock you out, like, we do weird shit, fucking when, you see, he's going to fucking just swing at me, knock me out, we do weird shit when we're panicked, all right, this stupid shit that we regret, so that's what people do as well, all right, yeah, yesterday, same shit, right, always pay attention to open prices, pay attention to the open price on SPY, very, very important, the open price, the open price indicator that we have, right, that is so freaking important, like, pay attention to the whole numbers on SPX, plus minus two dollar move, okay, so basically, that is, if we are watching 48.50, pay attention to 48.48 or 48.52, that's a little zone, not just one line, okay, great, and if it's a hundred dollar move, um, if it's a hundred dollar move, then pay attention to plus minus five- ish dollars, pretty much move, all right, so 48.50, two dollar move, does the job, if it's 48.00, pay attention to plus minus five dollar move, all right, all right, now, if you see, uh, if you see SPX made a huge candle and the volume is either too much or not as much compared to the previous candles, that means panic has hit, all right, take a screenshot of this, by the way, if you see SPX made a huge candle, like a huge SPX candle or SPY's huge candle, but the volume is actually either, like, there's a lot of volume based on the previous candles, if the previous
candles have volumes like this, like this little, and this candle has this much volume, all right, panic has hit, or if this candle has this volume, or even this, based on the previous candles should be more because previous candles were this little, um, panic has hit, now, there are two things you can do, take some profits, let your runners run, take all profits and look for entry again, all right, make sense, and other thing that I learned is FOMC, you shouldn't trade FOMC, no, shouldn't, shouldn't, shouldn't, we'll go do some backtesting, how to trade FOMC, two o'clock, whatever happens, 2 p.m. is when, um, when crazy shit happens, yeah, 2.30 is when JPAL is talking, okay, let's say, if the market goes down, whatever, whatever happens, let's say the, this is the market, 2 p.m., um, the numbers or whatever they're doing, comes out, market goes down, 2.30, you know what his job is, his job is not to let the market crash, that's his job, that's what he gets paid for, if the market's going down, he has to say something so the market fucking picks up again, that's his try all the time, he speaks about 2.30, so 2.25 to 2.35, somewhere in this range, market usually starts picking up again, okay, so look for entry around there, whatever happening, if it kind of gives you a nice candle around 2.25 on a 5-minute chart or 10-minute chart, all right, this can be a nice fucking move, does this make sense, yo, everybody, does this make sense, so basically what we're doing is we are going against the trend, we're feeding the initial trend that picked up because the numbers, now JPAL's job is to actually put the market up, now if it's going the other way around, imagine if it's going the other way around, the numbers coming out, it's going up, now do you think JPAL's job is to fucking say something so the market crashes, he comes, he's like, oh, it's all a fucking gimmick, it's all a gimmick, Joe Biden is not a real person, whatever, right, that's not his job, his job is not to let people panic, so if it's going up, sweet, he doesn't give a fuck, but if it's going down, his job is to get back on the trend, all right, he tries, now it's not going to work all the time, so that's why we have a stop loss, all right, we can go look at some stuff here as well, tell me when was the last time we had FMC, anybody has any idea, the last time we had FMC, drop the date in the chat, December 13th, 13th, I used to trade this a lot back in the day, man, not anymore, can't be, literally can't be fucked, that's the only reason, anyway, 2.30, I already picked up towards the upside, we're looking for something that sells off, what was it before that, this is like beautiful, this is beautiful, November 1st, you sure, looks, looks a bit weird, 2.30, market picked up, nope, not the best one, fuck, you have dates written down, Jessica, are you looking at something, oh, she's like, I remember them all, like I remember them all, no rate changes on those dates, right, tell me the previous date, a day before that, memorized, September 29th, god damn, that's a few months gap, you sure the data come out, this volume doesn't say so, man, no, if you're looking at Google, I tried looking at Google, man, it doesn't give no fucking information, it's all fucked up, where was it, this was not September, I don't think this was a day, no volume picked up, anyway, do some backtesting fam, do some backtesting, you guys got the, got what I meant, that's all that matters, right, what else, there was a, man, tell me a fucking other date, tell me another date, all three dates, market, didn't fucking like crash as soon as the date data come out, I should fucking remember this shit, but hey, it is what it is, right, no more dates, god damn, 36 people, we are all waiting for Jessica to say something, god damn, all right, we got July 26th, July, it is a July 26th, right here, two o'clock, what happened, same shit, man, market just picked up towards the upside, didn't even go down, anyway, you
got the game, man, you got the game, if the market starts selling off, as soon as the data comes out, wait for 25 minutes, do 25 to do 35, if we get a patient scandal in that 25 to 35, right, put your soft loss below it, bye, go long, like I'm just pulling from Google, right, go long, this is one trick that has made me a lot of money back in the day when I needed it most, I don't trade FMC now because we don't give a fuck to keep, stay awake till that long, because for me, it's like 6 AM in the morning, no, I can't be fucked, but back in the day when I needed the money the most, I traded it a lot, all right, that's another beautiful strategy that we have, all right, if it sells off, right at the market open, right at the two o'clock, wait for 225 to 235, wait for a nice patient scandal, co-execute, we will have one or two very, very big candles, insanely big, they will pay you about sometimes 500 to 1000%, all right, sweet, now, how to draw levels on SPX, all right, simple rules, I'll give you two or three rules, very simple rules, first, dynamite levels, second, draw levels on SPY, you know what we do every morning, keep it simple, you do at wherever you are, I mean, everybody where you are, if you have done case here, you do not need new information, you just need the previous information, just a little bit more touch up or polish information pretty much, so dynamite levels on SPX, is what we do on SPX only, draw levels on SPY, that's pretty much it, and then mark your cap fills pretty much, little cap fills that you have, mark them on SPX, okay, mark it yesterday closed here, today is opening here, mark that somehow, all right, sweet, this is literally it, there's no fucking fancy, nothing else, this is how you draw levels, all right, please, please, please, do not fall into a trap where you start drawing levels on actual SPX, don't, please don't, don't draw levels on SPX, SPX is only there you have dynamite levels, all right, don't, how to see trends on SPX, now, best trends from my personal experience are on SPX are on 10 minute chart, so that means 11 ish, that's when the best trend picks up, all right, after 11 eastern time, that's when the best, best trend picks up on SPX, all right, now you can still trade two and five minutes, but 10 minutes is where you'll be more relaxed, more relaxed means, what is more relaxed means, more money, all right, just as simple, right, personally, personally, when I'm trading this is, I really want to know how SPY is daily candle closed, daily candle closed, the previous daily candle closed, if that candle closed bullish, usually the momentum will be towards the upside, it'll close bullish, I'm going to try to close bullish and even if you're trading five minute chart fam, sometimes it's a very good idea to zoom the fuck out, like let's say it's 1025 and you know you're not going on a 10 minute chart anytime soon, still 35 minutes, rather than just zooming in on the fucking charts man, over and over again, zoom out, zoom the fuck out on a 10 minute chart, just have a quick look, what's happening, all right, but don't stick to those charts before the timing, just go there to look, come back, all right, just go there to have an idea what's happening, then come back to the original position, all right, come back to the original thing, all right, personally, I have realized on SPX, if you have to watch a SPX chart or even if SPY man, towards the little bit later in the day, trend lines and Jessica said this as well, trend lines on SPY's chart from the pre-market or yesterday, it's just before the market closed, like here, this is where the market closed, I'll give you an example, hang on, let's go on SPX for a minute, I was making these examples for you guys, hang on, right here, this is what I was like, I was finishing this, I'm like, oh shit, this actually is so fucking good, look at this, this is yesterday, day before, what did we do, drew the trend line, yeah, two touches, now what happens, you see it, what happened, this price is
bounced off the fucking trend line, right, so this is the day before action, damn, what the fuck, right, what the fuck, just pay attention to this shit, it'll literally be the reason why you start making a lot of motherfucking money, like even here, we had like this day, after these little things, you can kind of tell like, okay, there's a trend line approaching from yesterday, there's like one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight touches yesterday and there's a tuna moving average, kind of on a 10-minute chart of course, by 11 o'clock, there's tuna moving average right at the top, oh man, alright, this is like kind of a action for you to kind of see and the next day, it's like this and don't go more than a day man, I promise you, it doesn't pay, even if you go back to this, we drew a trend line, right, this is like how many touches we have, draw a trend line, one, two, three, four, five, six, yeah, strong trend line, you agree, pretty strong trend line but here, only have one touch so far, two at the bottom, so no, alright, go next, you see the fucking price struggling around the area, it's simple man, it's keep it, what do these other people are trading, what do these other people are trading, they're trading the same charts as you, right, it's having a hard time and towards the end of the day, yeah, whatever happens, who gives a fuck, whatever happens, like we're done, we're done trading, this is a new day, pay attention to this shit fam, you want to make money, you need to be paying attention to this crap, right, you can also draw trend lines on SPY as well by the way, yeah, especially if you're trading a little bit afternoon in the day, like our afternoon Arvo, we call it Arvo in Australia, anyway, it works the best, okay, draw trend lines but don't fall into a trap of just like trying to trade the trend lines, let me trade it, let me go short here, let me go long here, no, use it for profit taking, a little bit of profit taking, all right, start drawing the trend line base of pre-market data, start paying you, all right, make sense, a little bit, make sense fam, take some profit, now you know for a fact, if trend line breaks towards the upside, there can be another move, this shit is going to make you money, all right, so trend lines, important, pre-market stuff, start watching on that, start watching that crap, all right, now other one is, the other good trends that are from my personal experience happened on a 10-minute chart but also happens when we, when the bigger time frames align with your smaller time frames, if let's say the bigger time frame wants to go, looks like, if let's say there's a nice patient scandal setting up on a daily chart, all right, on a daily chart, daily charts sometimes look like this, example could be meta, look at this shit, what happening, such a nice patient scandal, such a nice patient scandal, what happened, stock pushed, now we saw this, next day, you know, okay, it's such a nice trend, these are the days when you can fucking go, play that stock quite heavy early morning, like look at this, broke the pre-market, I came back, give us nice scandals, push higher, this is how you make money, you got to look at like a little bit of bigger time frame, what's happening in the bigger time frame, bigger time frame gives you nice thing, align it with small time frame, it will keep you more emotionless type, right, because you know, a bigger time frame says this, sweet, and whenever you're swing trading, if you have ever swing trade, this is how you should swing trade, patient scandal setting up nicely, let's see what happens, right, got it, now, how to spot patient scandals, simple man, so simple, you already know how to do it, yeah, the only rule, only, only rule that I have here is, especially this rule is for every single type of patient scandal, not for just this, don't look for too wide, like big patient scandals, like you know, oh, shit, this is a fucking $5 patient scandal, fuck this shit, like no, fuck it, I'm not trading this,
example is today, my trade that I took on, look at this fucking patient scandal, man, this is a trade that I took, 1140, look at this patient scandal, like, this is, if this is not free money, I don't know, fuck, what is, stop loss right here, profit target half the day, even if this, you're risking $3, you make fucking $7 pretty much, so what's the goal here, fam, don't look for big fucking scandal, like a big patient scandal here would be this scandal right here, you see this, this is a big patient scandal, like how the fuck would you execute here, this is your stop loss right here, half the day is a profit target, like what, you're risking $6 to make two, is this making sense, everybody, is this making sense or no, all right, now how to spot patient scandals, only rule that you need to follow is small contained patient scandals, that's it, if it's a big patient scandal, don't fucking worry about it, man, wait for the fucking little one, if the little one doesn't happen today, who gives a fuck, come back tomorrow, does that mean sometimes you will miss on a lot of money because of this, yeah, we don't have a crystal fucking ball, see what I'm saying, we gotta do what's right for us at this given time without feeling bad for us later on, all right, do what's good for you, all right, that's how you spot patient scandals, pretty much, I love watching patient scandals, SPX on 10-minute chart, I just love it, it's so fucking easy, all right, five minutes, middle, two minutes, nah, right, so that means whenever I'm doing 10-minute patient scandals, imagine this, 11 o'clock, it's 11.20, small patient scandal, solid trend, right, solid trend, everything fucking just looks beautiful, you read the room, you're not a trader A who can't read the room, you read the room, trader B, read the room, everything looks good, 10-minute is what I love, the trend is super strong, patient scandal, small patient scandal where no other stop-loss is super contained, half the day gives me about one to two risk to reward, if half the day breaks, you can fucking make a big move towards the upside, would I execute, would I execute with like, with proper reading the room and execute like I actually, how I should or would I be like, oh no, what if it doesn't work, this is not the time to think, this is the time to execute, there's no level to you for SPX, SPX don't have a level, you can't trade SPX as shares, you can only trade options pretty much on it, so that's why we don't even watch SPX chart, we only watch SPY, you don't even need to watch level 2 now, all right, make sense, two thumbs up, all right, now I know this class is a little bit, this is a little bit long but I promise you man, this is important, all right, how to set stop-losses, I'll let you answer it, how to set stop-losses on this, you have a nice little patience candle, everything's good, how to set stop-loss, exactly, don't do nothing special, just the end of your patience candle, just the low of the patience candle, like we do any every other trade anyway, nothing special, all right, now what are some of the universal levels on it and just mark this or write this stuff down, all right, simple, 4800 plus minus 5, pretty much another zone, 4750 plus minus 2, a small zone, same thing, 4700 plus minus 5, a little bit wider zone, all right, just go like this, the whole thing, whole thing on your charts, all right, this is, these are universal levels, you always need to fucking pay attention to, all right, another one is that 4444 levels, these are important too, you know, we have 444.44, these are important, mark them as well, these actual level, like anywhere from 444 can work, like 0.44, 0.32, whatever, the whole thing till 444 becomes 4445, pretty much, all right, this on every stock by the way, 333 or 222, 111, whatever, all right, now, some bounces VJX level, please, just that simple, all right, so that, you know what that means, that means this, just look at this shit, man, for a fucking minute, we broke 4800 yesterday, we broke 4800, pulled back,
gave me a patient scandal below 4800, but my entry is above 4800, like what, this is a textbook motherfucking play, does it make sense? I'm putting everything together, what happened? I sold a little bit earlier, because I was executing from my phone, but hey, look what happened, man, so don't look for bounces when the price is like, let's say 4850 is approaching and you want to play the downside while the trend is going up, that do not mean rejections like that, I simply mean bounces like, okay, it broke the critical level, now it's pulling back, if it gives us a nice patient scandal anywhere in that area from 4795 to 4800, anywhere, kind of, yeah, that's a beautiful, it can bounce very nicely and bounce off towards the upside, all right, like you would have seen this in the past as well, we had roughly 4850 a share, big bounce, every two, like for every $50 move, watch plus minus two, but other one, but still trade the trend, don't go against the trend though, okay, don't think, oh, you can reject, yeah, you can play the rejections, but they're very, very risky, all right, so pay attention to this, and now other thing is, after you take profits, what do you do, just kind of go back to, how to stop also, how do you actually take profits, what's the profit targets could be, no, man, we didn't, I swear, I thought I had that, anyway, so how to set profit targets on this is simple fam, after you take first profit, there are multiple ways to kind of keep managing your trade, depending on how strong the overall trend is, the first way is, kind of, you take some of every next hourly level on SPY, okay, the second way is, you move your stop loss to the break even on your runners, right, and just chill, relax, watch Netflix, just don't watch the chart, don't watch anything, right, you'll make more money than watching the fucking market, and not watching it, because if the daily trend is strong fam, if the daily candle is strong, there's a big chance that the daily candle is going to close in the bullish candle, that means towards the end of the day, towards the, this is what I mean, when, if the daily candles are strong on SPY, let's say, right, it's making this candle broke out of the critical levels, that means there's a big chance the daily candle, if the trend is picked up, it's going to close strong, like today, what happened, SPY daily broke out of the big, big, big levels that we had, what happened, it closed towards high of the day, didn't it, like here, a weak day picked up, what happened, it closed towards low of the day, isn't it, so that means you could have avoided all the pain of watching your profit go from 2000 to 1200 and 1200 to 3400 by just not watching the market, goddamn, if the trend is strong and there's a daily reason for the trend to be strong, I promise you, a lot of times you're going to close towards high of the day, the candle, when a daily candle is going to close towards high of the day, just look at how many fucking examples, especially when a big level, big reason, big, big critical level breaks, this is one oftentimes the case, a big, like, let's say, a daily level, big, strong level breaks, this is often the time where we see a very, very nice move towards the upside, right, there's no point in micromanaging that, like today, look at that, close towards end of the day, right, half the day, a couple days ago when we had a strong downtrend, the day was, this was in the middle of the range, so that is what it is, look at this one, strong trend has picked up, stop thinking fucking market hates you for no reason, no, market follows the system, market doesn't even know you exist, right, stop thinking, oh, what if it turned around, if it turned around, hit your fucking stop- loss, like this day, it's a stop-loss, too bad, you lost no money, you got out of the break even, but the day this motherfucker picked up and your $200 fucking entry turned into fucking 2000 or 5000 or 3000, 4000, whatever, you'll thank me, you'll be like, bro, I appreciate you, man, I
fucking was able to catch this whole move, right, because let the market decide which trade can go and which trade can't go, right, we all have, anybody ever did this where you, when you're looking for, looking to buy something and you go into the filters, like you go search, then you go to the filters and you try to adjust, okay, get delivered within two days, price from high to low or low to high, how you want the results to kind of show you, anybody ever done that or it's just me, when I'm on some shopping site, I'm just doing this, I want to see prices high to low, I don't want to go low to high, I want to see high to low or I want to see the best selling stuff first, why do we do that, so we can sort some noise out, right, same thing here, let the market be the sorting device for you, stop trying to fucking sort yourself, so does that mean towards the end of the day, when you close, could this be last five minutes of the day, yes, just before the market's about to close, you sell your position, of course, and look at this fucking stupid day, man, what the fuck, you get my point, right, everybody, you guys get my point, along the way, you get more positions, okay, I'll keep adding, why not, exactly, keep trading the motherfucker, right, like we take milk from the fucking cow, we've got to keep taking money from the market, right, sweet, this is how you take profits, there's no fancy fuck away, and now, what should you do with profits you make from SPX, this is the fun bit, start from one corner of the house, literally, literally what you do, first thing, start from your bank account, build a little emergency fund, I think everybody should have at least, who does not have at least $10,000 in emergency fund, like today, if your family rings you, hey, we need 10,000, really bad, who does not have it, say me, no fucking, no, hey, don't be a shit, who does not have 10,000 sitting there, just in case, right, here we go, that's your number one goal, fam, what should you do with SPX profits, build your emergency funds, 10,000 first, right, can I tell this story to everybody, I'm sure you've heard me say this story, coffee got cold, but anyway, you've heard this story, me telling, back in the day, back in the day, I had a good friend of mine, now, it's just difference between us has gone too wide, gone too up, anyway, this dude probably needed about 15, 20,000, whatever money it was, he needed to send overseas, because his dad had an accident, and it was emergency, so he gave a call to everybody that he knew, whatever I had, I was like, man, I only have this, he's like, nah, not enough, give a call, what happened, it was not a lot of money, his dad passed away, needed the money to fix him, that really fucked me up, like, really fucked me up, I'm like, if he had money, his dad be with him, like, what, now, is this something that we should be crying about the system, or the government should have paid for it, or what the fuck, I didn't think of it before, and that was my thought that day, because I'm like, nobody gonna look after me, man, I'm gonna do it myself, and that was my number one thing, if my family ever gave me a fucking call that they need money, I want to make sure that I'm fucking there for them, right, so first thing that you need to do is, get your emergency fund, at least a grand, at least, right, important, the next is, start building small assets around the house, assets mean, get a fucking, start with a nice fucking bed, right, nice fucking bed, goddamn, a good fucking bed, good mattress, that makes you sleep fucking better, right, it's important, and this is the one thing that I use in the bed, is Bedjet, I think it's called, just search Bedjet 3, is the one, I don't know, I think that's the name, but what it does is, it gets connected to your bed, towards your feet, it maintains the temperature of the bed, because you sleep a little bit better when you, when the bed is cold, okay, it maintains this temperature inside the bed, you know,
anybody who wakes up sometimes in the middle of the night, because you're too fucking, too hot, you got too hot, now when you fucking get the, get rid of the blanket, now you're too cold, and that fucks the sleep, so have a perfect temperature set, that be the temperature, always, anytime you jump in the bed, that's the temperature, and you sleep better, this is scientifically proven, by the way, so start with getting a nice bed, a nice bed, and this is just like a little fan thing, that connects to the bottom of your thing, like this, looks like this, a little box at the bottom, towards the feet, it just like blows some slow air, it doesn't blow air like, some slowly, some air, it fixes, it fixes the bed, anyway, start with the bed, very important, then second thing is, start with the fucking dvds, and your fridge, get rid of stuff, what happens is, once you have all this stuff in, around your house, whatever you fucking need, like next, don't do cars, hey, don't, don't be stupid, no, I said around the house, not the garage, all right, just around the house, don't get it fucking cars, because, oh, I want to look fucking more special, now, inside the house, what will happen is, all these things, just fill in the fucking blanks, basically, what I want you to do is, upgrade your life, all right, find your identity for your own self, all right, so what happens is, when you wake up, and you see, you wake up, let's say, you woke up on a fucking beautiful bed, that you paid from your profits, get a beautiful sleep, because the temperature in the bed was perfect, beautiful sleep, you woke up, you went to the bathroom, like, perfect fucking stuff that you need, everything that you need is right there, looks beautiful, it's clean, the cleanest, goes twice a fucking week, all this stuff, like little maintaining your life, you're going to up your, you're going to make you, because at the end of the day, man, the person you are today, is not going to make a million dollars, I say this to everybody, like the person you are right now, is not going to make a million dollars, so there's a different person, there's a different individual, motherfucking hiding in you, that's going to make a million dollars, but to get there, we need to get rid of a lot of things, not add a lot of things, but we need to get rid of a lot of your habits, a lot of your stupid shit that you do, how do we do that, by getting a new identity, for new identity, we need to actually have this, the whole system around you, have to be at a spot, where you're like, all right, you know what, this makes sense, you're making money, eat fucking good food, get rid of all the frozen shit, that you have in your fucking freezer, and then you fucking heat, oh no, I can't stand motherfuckers, they're like, I go, I go to house, and I'm like, oh, can I get some water, I look in the fucking fridge first, this is just me being a little nosy, I look in the fridge, I look in the freezer, like these motherfuckers, eat frozen shit, like, oh, do you want to stay for dinner, no, your fucking house, fucking feed me some frozen fucking shit, I'm gonna go home, but it's just like, this little few things that you're gonna do in your life, especially when you start making money, is going to upgrade your life to a level, where you're just gonna feel better, right, so what's the fill in the blanks for you guys, man, I just, just super curious, what's fill in the blanks, where are you gonna start with, and I consider TV, and fridge, and acorns, the heaters, I consider them as assets, having a TV is an asset, but watching the TV is a liability, but what are some of the things, it's a new laptop, this is 2012, god damn, I was like 13 years old when he got it, fuck, god damn, he's a new wife, no, man, look at that shit, like, you never, here's the thing, you never hear fucking females talk about fucking, oh, when I make money, I want to get a new husband, it's always the fucking guys thinking about that shit, new desk, here's the thing, man, the one that he just mentioned,
hang on, one of the best things you can do, is get a nice office chair, nice, nice fucking chair, like, it's one of the most important things, you ever shit chair, oh, nah, you're like, oh, let me just save some money, nah, you, you're in no case, alright, nice chair, that should be first, anything that makes you money in your office, should be the first, alright, makes you money, is personally straight away related to you, is important, your sleep, important, alright, important, super important, get a standing desk, first, most important thing, even before you get your, your bed, maybe the bed's more important, fuck the desk, yeah, bed and a new mattress, that's more important, um, and then get the standing desk, yeah, and if you don't want to get this bed jet thing, man, there's another one, um, but that's, that's too, I have a few friends who use it, it's like too expensive, um, it's called A8 sleep, it's worth fucking four thousand dollars, just a fucking, a sheet that goes on your mattress, because it has a little pod that comes on the side, I have a few friends who use it, I'm like, man, how do you fucking rate it, like, oh, it's, it's the best thing, da, da, da, da, um, I'm like, man, I don't fucking care, and there's little caps, there's like water capsules on it, the water gets heated up, I spoke to my wife, I'm like, hey, babe, um, can we get this, she's like, oh, what do you mean, there's water, I'm like, there's water in it, and there's electricity, she's like, are you stupid, you stupid, there's water in it, there's electricity, and we have a cat, nah, you're not getting this shit, I'm like, alright, uh, but that's one of the few things, like, you know, if you want it, if you make too much money, fucking, why not, well, yeah, anything that goes in the bedroom, make sure you fucking talk to your partner first, man, right, even this, with this bed jet thing, it's not like, oh, you get it, anything that goes, add it to your bedroom, make sure you talk to your fucking wife or your husband first, right, like, typical holiday, and, uh, we remember fucking, uh, right, our first met her, man, she's like, super scared of, um, lightning, my wife's super scared of lightning, like, really scared of lightning, if it's lightning, she's like, fucking, like, shitting her pants, pretty much, she, if it's lightning outside, bad, she's some, I was writing my book that time, my first book, you know what she did, bro, she was turning all the fucking power, power switches off, she came to my office, didn't even ask me, turned my computer off from the switch, I was writing my book, fuck, hey, I know how I watched my response that day, man, that's why I'm still married, Jesus fucking Christ, like, she don't have the internet, no, I'm like, babe, you gotta start taking it easy, now, I paid money to the guy, so he, it's the, the, the most important thing that are really at the top, so my wife can't fucking turn it off, invest in foot massager, chair massager, yeah, it's good, invest in your health, anything that makes you sleep better, um, eat better, your health, wealth, relationship and self, if it's getting improved, um, invest in that, that's literally it, he's at a damn vacation, right, my friend, that's what we do, now, quick recap that we discussed, why trade SPX, just keep throwing thumbs up if this makes sense, why trade SPX, you got it, tax benefit, there's so many fucking reasons for you guys in US, suitable for small trading best strategy for trading, GDT, it's going to be further out of the contract, everything's same, alright, correct way, you got it, one tip, panic, and people are panicked, do something about it, how to draw levels, some universal levels that we always mark, but nothing changes on, keep, to inspire, see trends, again, 10 minute charts, best rated spot trend, patience candles, how to set profit target on SPX, we got it, right, the bullish candles, gonna close bullish, another day as well, how to set stop loss on SPX, just the patience candle, man, nothing fancy, right, universal levels, we got it,
bounce and rejects, we got it, what should you be doing with profits, pushed, man, I say, I'm telling you again and again, if you have ever taken money out of a trading account and you have not upgraded your fucking bed, you're missing out, alright, get that shit sorted, because you literally will sleep six hours, but you'll have like the best energy for the day, my readiness on my aura ring, so it gives you a readiness, right, anybody who has aura ring here, right, let's go, and I do, alright, what's the, what's your readiness score, normally, normal readiness score, readiness is like how ready you feel for the day, and because of my, because of my, this whole, how I live my life these days, man, my readiness score has gone to a stage, is literally sending me this notifications these days, the trend has gone up, my readiness is like about 80 to 90 to 95 sometimes these days, that means I'm like feeling really fucking good, the trend's going up like this, what does that mean is, I eat better, I sleep better, it's, this is the AI, like, this is really creepy, it's just, it's just like everything pretty much falls into this perfect, perfect category, and when I'm awake, I feel better, I get more shit done, see what I'm saying, now, do you need to go buy an aura ring, no, you do not need one, it's good, it's good, but all in all, once you have nice bed, nice food, don't drink coffee towards end of the day, all this stuff, you sleep better, your readiness scores be up, and you'll start making a lot of money, right, and this is, this is important, right, can you guys stop judging the AI, I fucking bought it, man, he's like, where's his right arm, his right arm's underneath, bro, Jesus Christ, can't you tell, god damn, are you making fun of my product, come on, right, his eyes are never fucking bunked, that's it, that's about it, all right, fam, this is all, and now, thank you, hope SPX is everything you fucking want in life, all right, just remember, there's only a few fucking rules, stop fucking around too much, stop trying to make market, make you feel like, you know, good, I'm not trying to be a hero, no, just follow the game, all right, fam, now, what do we need to do here, if you have any questions, I have about, let's say, five minutes, ten minutes, any questions, just unmute yourself, go for it, so, Mash, real quick, can you just briefly go over that plus, minus, two dollar thing with the dynamite levels, is it, can you just say it again, all right, so, it's, it simply is, it's SPX, uh, 47.50, um, this is 47.50, right, so, what we'll do is, we'll mark this level right here, oh, shit, hang on, we've marked this level right here, 47.50, and now, I have another couple levels, this is 47.52, this is 47.48, look at this, around 47.50, we didn't do anything special, did we, around 47.50, look at this, how many times we get to 47.52, and then got rejected, so, now, if you were only watching this, you'd be like, oh my god, the candle, it closed above, sweet, this is gonna go, or let me try this, or whatever, and, or even here, oh, this is such a nice patient candle, above the 47.50, it's just gonna go now, oh, next candle, and then it hits a stop loss, so, isn't it easier when we have this, like, oh, shit, cool, it's a little zone, I got it, you see what I'm saying, now, of course, like, we can enter a trade here, but it has to have a little bit of trend, like, if it was up trending, I would have entered 100%, like what I did today, it was up trending already, this 4800, right here, it was up trending already, early morning, but here, on this particular day, we were kind of playing around, sure, so, we want to pay attention to this a lot, all right, thank you, very clear, all right, Bams, what's up, two questions, number one, when you're trading this, it would have to be in the platforms, like, what, Webull, and Tinkerswim, yeah, whatever, or, and, I might have been confused, because I've never treated SPX, when you're, you said a small account, right, but most of the premiums are, like, thousands of dollars,
am I reading that wrong, you're reading it big time wrong, the contract's usually a dollar, dollar 50, if you're going a little bit further out of the money, yeah, we go a little bit further out of the money, the IBKR is good, IBKR is good, just go a little bit further out of the money, don't go too much, um, do, like, you don't want to go, if stocks trading at 4820, you don't want to go 5000, you see what I'm saying, um, I had it back in the day, a student who fucking went, I think, we, do you remember the time when Tesla was around 11, 1200, this dude went like 3000 or 2500 calls, and I'm like, bro, you dumb, he's like, why can't I get out, like, nobody's buying those, he's like, bro, I put, like, 300 dollars in, I can't get out, I'm like, yeah, no shit, like, no shit, motherfuckers, but yeah, don't go that far, otherwise be good, um, Rob, what's good, bro? Hey, Sumesh, for the runners, um, how do we manage that just because of decay, um, I know sometimes, I'll, you know, the one tried, one time I tried SPX, it had a great move my way, and one freaking green candle, I was going down, right, it was, but, so, one green candle, pretty much wiped out most of my gains, right, um, I actually, oh, go ahead, I should have mentioned this, everybody, um, my bad, really fucking forgot, um, keep moving your strike price up, keep rolling your contracts, 47.50 you are in, and that goes, um, from a dollar to three dollars, let's say you're up to 200 percent or whatever, go from that to 47.60, as it's moving higher, keep managing that that way, so buy next, sell this, buy next, sell this, buy next, sell this, don't even wait for a fucking pullback, just buy next first, then sell this one already, make sense, so if you do three contracts, 47.50, three contracts, and you're going long, price is approaching, you entered at a dollar, now it's at three dollars, let's say, you buy 47.60 first, don't even close this yet, don't even touch this, whatever you're holding, 47.60 first, and then you sell 47.50, right, now you, because you don't want to miss, if you, oh, let me sell this 47.50 now, then I'll buy, then you'll, um, hesitate, because you're like, oh, let's wait for a pullback, and the pullback never fucking happens, I hate if the stock keeps pushing, so expose yourself first, and then sell this, sweet, just keep going, good, buy next one first, sell this one, um, now, keep doing this over and over and over and over again, all right, um, and over and over again, so what will happen is, the decay, like you're talking about, because at the end of the day, um, if you are holding, let's say today, all right, if you were holding 48.50 towards the end of the day, fam, even if you entered at a dollar, I promise you, even towards the end of the day, never touch 48.50, so time decay would have hit you, because these contracts expiring today, you see what I'm saying, so what do we need to do instead is, as the stock's moving higher, buy next, sell this, buy next, sell this, buy next, sell this, our goal is to flip, all right, just keep flipping, keep flipping, keep flipping, over and over again, on repeat, yeah, but I'm done, yeah, keep buying where the patience candle is, but those get triggered as a new trade, this is just rolling your positions, rolling your positions simply means, doesn't matter in the middle of fucking nowhere, even on this fucking candle, if you think, oh, sweet, let me buy the next one, then sell this, sweet, and we're still moving higher, you're still getting paid, and this, oh my god, my bad, man, I forgot, this is so important, all right, make sense, make sense, right, and just on repeat, man, on repeat, this is what we do, like any patience candle, if you see a new patience candle, that gets a new trade, like a full new trade, all right, just treat this as a new trade, with a stop loss like this, if you entered here, and you do not get any patience candles yet, so what are you going to do, just sit in your original trade, and then one big red candle fucks you up, no,
because as the towards the end of the day is approaching, your contract value is going down like this, as long as it's not in the money, they're moving down like this, so now you're betting against two things, one's a stock chart, then the time decay, so keep rolling your positions, like, yeah, they're going to take some practice, no, no, right, you don't over fucking think it, anybody, hey, everybody, don't overthink it, you're already in a position, you put 300 dollars in a position, that's 900 dollars now, put 300 dollars again in 4760 calls, and sell this, don't use your brain, please, all right, you put 300 dollars in this position, that's about 500 dollars now, let's say, buy next to the 300 position size, or whatever, three contracts on the next, on repeat, that's about it, it's just what I'm saying, it's exactly the same, like, when the prices are going higher, you're like, all right, I'm up to three, like, there's no actual, you got to find it, maybe it's 100 percent, maybe it's 200 percent, whatever you feel comfortable at, you're like, oh, 150, I'm going to start doing, I personally start doing around 200 percent, all right, if it's 200 percent up, I'm going to roll it, boom, no, like, no games played around at all, right, 200 percent, I'm going to roll it, next contract, right, so if I'm doing 4750, I'll go 4760, or 55, or 65, or whatever, just next, next contract, keep rolling, all right, wait, what's up, bro, first thing first, what a great session, blew my brain away, secondly, you make only 600 fucking k, bro, you're gonna make more money, you know what I'm saying, this is, I don't see any point, I mean, look, after 10 o'clock, you're pretty much aware, trend is there or not, if no trend, no trade, period, but the question I have is, the trade you took today, you didn't hold the runners, as you said, but on that position, how much return you get? Fuck, I was trading from a 4 and a, I didn't, I didn't, didn't even fucking calculate, no, like, dollar 50, you reckon it was at least 50 percent, 100 percent? No, no, no, no, no, this fucking thing killed, this killed the fucking mood, and killed the premiums, because I was a little bit further out of the money, this thing right here, this 10 minutes, it just killed a lot of shit for me, plus this, at this given time, and here, spy was rejecting a 480, and I saw literally at the bottom of this candle, no, not even 50, not even 50 percent, I got like, it's not a big, big enough move, it's only a dollar move on spy, if you think about it, and dollar move on spy doesn't pay you 50 percent, or 60 percent, this red candle fucked me up, because I literally sold at the bottom, look at this price chart, I like, man, as soon as I sold it, and it, the motherfucker don't, oh damn, I wanted to fucking punch myself, like, man, somehow I picked the bottom, and I sold literally right at the, right at the, right at the tip, it just got, um, I was up, yes, but wasn't up even fucking for me to even, like, care about it, if that makes sense to you, I mean, that 1150 candle, when you call it, you know, my trading style, I get out quick, and then leave the runners, that candle, since you are a little bit out of the money, just that one candle, probably 20 percent at least, yeah, um, yeah, that would have been, yeah, easy 20 percent, maybe, maybe not, 55 dollar move, I'll be a little bit further out of the money, or when you're a little bit further out of the money, it compounds, it doesn't move straight away 20, 30 percent, but actually, by the way, it does, 20, 30 percent, it does, uh, but, um, it compounds, it goes really quick from, it takes some time from 0 to 50 percent, and then takes less time to go from 50 to 100, or 50 to 200, yeah, if I'm right, I don't look at too much P&L, by the way, so I'm not the right person to answer that, but yeah, yeah, Jessica, you think I'm right, I think I'm right, it goes, it takes some time to pick up, once it can start compounding, it goes quick, no, thanks man, yeah, there's money, fam, there's money, all right, any other
questions, fam, oh, that's it, on my option chain, the prices are usually 20 to 30 dollars, I have to go way out of the money to find one, two dollars, curious if I'm looking at something wrong, no, not 20, 30 dollars, you're definitely looking at, there's something you're doing wrong, um, if, if it's 47.50, it's not, at the money, it's not 20, 30 dollars, no, no, fuck away, um, it would be 5 to 6 to 7, sometimes, that's about it, maybe max fucking get to 10, at the money, but never 20, 30, you, you sure you checking SPX, or you, you watching, you watching some other option chain from some China or something, bro, like Chinese SPX, no, probably not, yeah, I'm not sure why mine shows different, like I, I just tell you, enter, enter the ticker, and just like, I enter the rest of them, but yeah, like in the money stuff, it shows like 20, 30, in the money, yeah, like to go to find, like, I know when you guys say pick the, whatever this $2 one there, like I, I have to go down like a hundred dollars, you're probably looking at like, um, one day or two day expiration, but what I'll do is spend for next few days, for next few days, um, when we trade SPX, um, you'll be what, you'll be able to watch the way I pick the stock prices a little bit better, right, so now you know why I do this, like now, everybody, after you watch KCU, now you're like, every time I take a trade, you guys are knowing, oh, shit, this is the LTP he's watching, same thing with SPX will happen, if I'm trading SPY, um, I'll let you guys know what I'm trading on SPX, what contracts I'm trading, and that will be a little bit better, right, sounds good, probably, yeah, you bet, thanks, man, oh, bro, V, V is like, V sent me a message, I'm sorry, we're going to say that, he's like, bro, you're so rude, why would you say you're watching some Chinese stuff, V, I'm just joking, man, everybody knows me here, you see what I'm saying, it's not rude, you think it's rude, but it's not rude, we're just laughing, everybody knows, you know, we play around, hey, no offense, all right, you can say, you can say Indian, fucking, I don't give a fuck, hey, you can say anything, I don't give a fuck, sorry, do you read it out, no, hey, you know, you know, I'll just, um, just make it, we, like, we remember the time when we, um, when we had, when we had jobs, fam, I'll tell you a little story, all right, I, I'm Indian, all right, I never get offended when someone, somebody called me curry, like, never, and Australia is racist as fuck, and you get curry called, I got called curry all the time, hey, curry, come here, I'm like, all right, no problem, you know, I didn't, I didn't mind, and this motherfucker, or white dude, he's like this, right, this is the day, I'm like, god damn, what the fuck, I got offended, he called me a non-Brit, he's like, hey, non-Brit, come here, all right, what did you motherfucking say, um, it's Australia, we, hey, it's all right, man, you think too much, you see what I'm saying, I didn't punch the dude, I'm like, yeah, it's funny, I just never got called a non-Brit, so it was funny, you know what I'm saying, yeah, that's me, that's me, you see what I'm saying, I'm non-Brit, I'm curry, who gives a fuck, I'm rich, sorry, who gives a fuck, um, we would be disappointed if he doesn't say things like that, right, no, actually, I was like, what the fuck he just said, yeah, nah, no, fair enough, he went, Steph Curry, according to non-Brit, nah, see, I never heard anybody fucking call me non-Brit before, and it was like, goddamn, it just threw me off, you know what I'm saying, because Australia, Australia, bro, Australia is rude as fuck, like, I promise you, Australia is so rude, it's just rude, they just talk shit all the time, but yeah, it is what it is, um, anyway, fam, first world countries, you see, first world countries, um, this is all I have for you guys, um, if you have any questions, let me know now, otherwise, we'll call it there, he's like, if I was Biden, I would move you to US, do I want to move to US, fuck US, man, like, what, the motherfuckers fighting with
each other for no fucking reason, nah, this life matters, that life matters, bro, they need a fucking reason to roll, I'm like, man, what the fuck's going on, the gun culture, man, that's crazy, yeah, crazy, it's not, it's, I don't think it's a gun problem, it's a mental health problem, um, that's a good debate, yeah, yeah, I don't, I don't think it's a gun problem, no, like, in India, bro, India has more guns than, do you know that in India, there's more illegal guns than USA, anybody knew that, in India, there's more illegal guns than USA, but do you hear India fucking school shootings, never, never, it's for small countries, man, fucking, they didn't, life's not tough, they make them, they make it tough themselves, fuck it, in India, you're not worried about fucking who you're going to shoot, you're worried about how the fuck you're going to eat, you're like, wait, what are I going to eat, my kids are hungry, nah, like, we asked for marijuana, they gave us more guns, like, nah, Texas is, yeah, nah, thank you, no USA, um, maybe Dubai, but no USA, yeah, exactly, they self-destruct, every, every, even Australia,
cmrqjqfg0h0c72v8soe0Let's start. One stuff. Let me turn my beautiful face on. And. All right. 32 people in.And that's people face on. You handsome motherfucker. All right.All right. What is going on, everybody? Hope you guys are doing well. Yo, yo, yo. Okay. All right. You guys see me? Sweet.Hi, fam. I looked at myself as soon as I turned the video camera on. Before you guys got in and I just was like, damn, you handsome motherfucker.All right, fam. What is going on? Hope you guys are doing well. And. Hey. Today we're going to do levels. Levels masterclass.All right. I'm going to go over some important stuff that you need to know. And at the end, we're going to do Q and A. This is going to be a little bit long.Maybe go five and a half. But you're going to be fine. All right.So a little recap behind the levels first. And then I will get started. All right.Then I'll draw levels in front of you. Then I'll give you guys. Stock to draw levels on. All right. And. That will pretty much.Then you'll come back. Then I'll fucking check your levels. And the mistakes you're making. And we'll get to it. All right, fam. So interactive workshop.That's the name of this. Levels interactive workshop. All right.So what's the theory behind levels? All these people. All the people who trade out their men. Everyone uses levels for getting in.On a trade. Okay. But we use levels for getting out of a trade.That's a big difference. Does it make sense? We never use levels to get into a trade. We always use levels to take profits.Or letting our runners run and taking profits on the runners. What it kind of puts us into. It kind of puts us into a spot where we're able to.Control a lot of emotions. Because here's the thing, fam. Ever heard that where was retail
traders are getting out.That's when smart money is getting in. Or when smart retail traders are getting in. Smart money is getting out.That's why they're always winning. All right. So they know kind of where the emotion is going to get triggered.Like for example. Of a sucker strategy. Everybody know what sucker strategy is? All right.Who here does not know what sucker strategy is? In the chat. Everybody right. So sucker strategy or just bounce or reject strategy.That basically is when stocks cap up overnight. And then it tries to break the pre-market higher lows. And then it reclaims.The stop loss goes just below low of the day or high of the day. Depending on what side we're doing. And stocks often move quite heavily.The reason why it moves quite heavy. Is quick 20-30% returns. Is one of the easiest ways to kind of remember this.Is. Wherever retail traders are jumping in. All these people.Whoever jump into a trade when pre-market high breaks. Especially after when we cap up. And people jump in when pre-market high or low breaks.And those are the retail traders. But smart money is using them to get out of their trade. Okay.So if you need to buy an iPhone. What do you need to see? You want to make sure that there's enough people selling iPhone in the market. Right.It kind of puts you at a spot. So you can negotiate. And be like.Hey man. The other dude is selling a 400. And do you want to bring the price down to 400 or not? So it puts you at a spot to negotiate.So imagine if there's only one dude out there selling an iPhone. And he wants 800. Do you have much room to negotiate? He can just be like.No. I'm not going down to 790. 800 is the price.So where was a lot of people. Where was there a lot of supply? Where there's a lot of supply. That's when big people are playing the demand.So another example of this. Is when you need to jump into a trade. Guess what? Somebody. When you buy shares. Let's say you buy 1000 shares. And there's 1000 people out there buying
1000 shares.How many shares is that? 1000 times 1000. But we want to make sure that there's enough people selling them shares as well. Right.Would they be able to buy all these shares if there's not enough people selling them? No. So who sells? When all these retail traders want to jump in. Smart money.What happens? The moment it breaks pre-market high. All these people are jumping in. The smart money is selling it to them.And now where's the stop loss of these retail traders? They just tell themselves. Just if it breaks pre-market high again. I'll get out of my long position.Right. When the stop loss gets triggered. What happens? So all this 1000 times 1000.Whatever the number is. All these people are coming in. Because the stop loss is getting triggered.So when a stop loss is getting triggered for a long position. How does an order comes into the market? It was a buy order first. Because they bought shares.Now stop loss is getting triggered. What's the order getting triggered at? It's a sell order. So all these people are trying to sell their shares now.What does that do? Supply goes up. What happens when supply goes up? Everyone wants to sell their iPhone at the same time. They go, bro, that dude is selling at 400.I need to sell before him. So let me sell at 350. Oh bro, he's selling at 350. Let me try at 340. Let me try 330. So what happens? Prices drop.The best example of this I always give is the garden stone. You know, the little pebbles that we use in the gardens. There's so many stones out there.The value of a stone. If you take one stone to a store, it's probably fucking zero. The reason is there's too much supply.Not enough demand. But at the same time, if it's diamond, there's not enough. It's a natural diamond.There's not enough supply. What happens? The prices are high. So it's the best way to remember.Does it make sense, fam? Everybody? So wherever we are taking profits, whenever we are jumping in, we always want to ask ourselves this very simple question, which is going to literally change your life, is who's buying and who's selling here? Alright? You want to sell when smart
money is selling. Do you think smart money jumps into a trade when stock on a 5-minute chart had 10 straight green candles and they made a move from 175 to now 190 and it's breaking a critical level of 190? Do you think smart money is jumping in at 190? And we haven't seen a pullback. It made a huge move.Last 10 straight green candles. Do you think smart money is jumping in here? Yes or no? No. But why is that? But who's jumping in? Retail traders.Why? The FOMO. Alright, modafm. I get it.This is one of those industries where, it's actually, every industry is pretty much like that. You take money away from people who are not qualified enough. Even at your fucking jobs fam.Alright? You work for $50,000 a year, maybe somebody out there needed even more. But he's not qualified enough, that's why you're at the job. Right? So you are taking money away from that dude.Basically. Same goes in trading. If people make mistakes, we're going to take all their money.And sometimes, to make an even bigger mistake, we're going to take food out of their kid's mouth. It's the game we play. Does it make you feel non-human sometimes? To me, yes.So what do you do? Just start a little fucking donation thing bro. And start feeling better. Right? I started building schools and parks back in my hometown.It made me feel better. Right? He's like, I just pretend they're all bad. Because they're out there trying to take your money.They're trying to take food out of your kid's mouth. See what I'm saying? It's a war. And that's what's pretty much happening.So when they're jumping in, all these 190 level breaking. And when they're jumping in, at the break of 190, without any pullback or anything. Guess what? Who's selling it to them? Somebody has to sell it to them.Smart money. Because these smart money people know that, these motherfuckers are going to get their emotions triggered. Because there's a lot of people who missed the move.Right? There's one thing fam that I'll say. There's one very, very stupid way. Kind of most of the retail traders think.Is they do not feel comfortable when, when stock gives them an entry. They don't feel comfortable jumping in. They look for confirmations.More and more confirmations. A beautiful patient scandal after a nice trend. A beautiful patient scandal now.
They look for more like, more and more confirmations. And they don't jump in a trade. Just because they're not feeling comfortable.But, when a stock has already made fucking big move already. Five straight green candles. All of a sudden, these people are feeling comfortable to jump in.Same people. Why is that? Anybody who want to hop on. Unmute yourself and let me know.Why do you think that happens? I think it's just FOMO. Yeah, FOMO. What triggers this type of FOMO where, you're like, I'm looking for more and more, more and more confirmation.I don't feel comfortable. But now the stock has already made a huge move up. You want to jump in.They're looking for a sure thing. Risk management, everything. And you want to jump in.Based on my experience, it's just, it comes down to just, I just want to make money. But, that's just not the right system to make money in. Instant gratification.Here's the thing, we as human beings, we do not like to be on a losing side. It's just the way it is. We don't want to be on a losing side.We don't like to take chances. And our brain is a little bit, a little bit fucked up in thinking that, if we bet on a winner, which is a winner already, even though you do it on purpose, or you don't do it on purpose, our brain goes, it's winning already. So, that's most of the retail traders think.That's what's going to happen if you try to use levels for your entries. Then you will be in a trade at the top. Then after that, stock makes a pullback.You're either going to get stopped out, because stock's going to make a pullback, because it moves in waves. First wave is an uptrend. Second wave is a pullback.Third wave is an uptrend again. There's only two outcomes of that. One, you get stopped out.Second, you hold your trade fucking beyond your stop loss and praying to God, please God, just this last time. Does it make sense? Now, what is the best way to control this? Over time, I realized, fam, the best way to kind of control these, all these emotions when you get, especially when a stock is moving in the direction that you want to see it move, but you're not in the trade, or you missed out on a trade, or you hesitated on a trade, or you wanted to jump in, but there's, let's say your option chain didn't load up. There's something that happened.The moment this happens, man, and you want to jump into a trade now, in the middle of nowhere, just answer yourself this one question, what made you hesitate before? What made you hesitate? There's a couple of questions that I, personally, I learn more from trades that I do not take. It's just my thing, okay? I don't know if you, who here records the trades which they do not take? Like you were watching this setup, and you couldn't get in because one, either you
were distracted, second, you, there was some technical difficulty, third, some emotional difficulty. What about everybody else? The question should be, who here does not do it? Whichever does it, hey, you're doing your job, good stuff.Who does not do it? And be real, man, stop fucking bullshitting yourself. All right. I ain't gonna say nothing, man.At the end of the day, hey, I can only show you fucking how to make money. You gotta do it yourself. I'm rich, and ain't gonna change shit for me.You do it now. All right. So, not a lot of people are saying they don't.Here's the thing, fam. One of the best things you can do for yourself, because we gotta experiment up until fucking one thing really, really hits. Yeah.Do you have a system? Do y'all have a system now? We gotta keep experimenting up until one thing really fucking hits. For me, the one thing that really hit was me taking trade, me recording my trades, the trades that I do not take. The best way to do it, fam, is literally, keeping it so simple, go on OneNote.There's a Microsoft app, you know, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Excel. There's another one called OneNote. All right.Record trades that you do not take because of three reasons. Emotional, technical, or distractions. And I remember some people go, I do not send written signals in the Discord, like where I write signals down.I do not send it because one easy reason is when I was doing my missed trade journals, I realized my distractions of me writing down my, which contract I'm jumping in, what's my fill price and all this stuff was costing me way more money what I would make, what I would make otherwise, say, because, I don't know, there's like, usually there's one big drama of people, especially that's why I'm at a stage where I'm literally contemplating getting rid of LODs, not the Discord, the LODs. People who are not in KCAP University, I'm getting rid of all of them. One big reason, they fucking demand for too much.They think they buy me out fucking with 150 a month. Bro, the fucking requests they make in the fucking DMs, I pay 147 and you went on a holiday, you didn't trade. This dude's like fucking full on upset about I went on a holiday in November because he paid 150.I'm like, man, I'm like, man, you need to get it live. Bro, but here's the thing fam, anything that goes in your journals and I realized me typing my trade job, me writing my stuff down, me focusing on all this so everybody can make money was becoming a reason why I was not able to make money and you might have noticed that's why I do not even mention my fill price because I don't want to commit to it. Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.
I mentioned the strike price and I'm in and out. The reason is, bro, don't do it on phone, do it on laptop. Don't, it'll take a minute.The reason is, when I was doing my journals, these journals, the missed trade journals, I was missing out maybe at one or two trades a day, every day, every day because of this. Imagine one trade making $1000 and you're missing out $3000 every day. Doing 50 trading days, half a million a year.Nah, fuck that shit, man. Right, so whenever you do this fam, whenever you start writing this stuff down, you will start realizing that how many trades you're missing out on because of whatever reason Another reason that used to cost me a lot of money was my option chain not loading on time. So the moment I'm about to jump in a trade, I check my option chain, it's not loading, I used to miss out on money.So what I started doing now is just before the market opened, I wait for every option chain to load. I don't know if you use interactive brokers, but if you use interactive brokers, if your option chain has been loaded already, it takes quick, you just gotta change the tab and you're on a different stock. It doesn't have to, it doesn't take that long to load.So I do that just before the market opened. If I was not recording my trades, missed trades, do you think I'd be, I'd be doing both of them and I'd be probably losing on three, or missing out on three trades. And it's very hard to track the three missing trades after, let's say, you wanna do it, oh, I'll do it over the weekend.You'll forget fucking most of it because there's no proof of it. There's no proof that, you see what I'm saying? You'd be like, oh, I would've jumped in here. Nah, I would not have jumped in.And people, there's this stupid thing of just recording the trades which worked out. Bro, record every trade. If you wanted to take a trade, let's say on Tesla, and you didn't take a trade, you wanna fucking record, regardless if it turned out to be a winner or a loser.Does it make sense? Alright? And I do this by, you see this little thing that I have? This is where I record my missed trades. All the trades that I miss every day, it's sitting right next to my, so what I write is Meta at 9.42 for calls. This is a trade that I missed.I didn't enter for whatever reason. So I write down Meta, the stock name, what time it was, it was there for calls or puts. Alright, so you can go back to it and kind of play around.Alright? Now, this is a little theory behind the levels, and now I'm gonna share my screen, and we're gonna draw levels together on Spy. From start to finish, alright? Let me share my screen. Let me know when you see my screen.Just do a thumbs up. Alright, sweet. So first things first, let's get rid of all these levels, or you know what, let me take a screenshot of this first.
Copy image. I'll just post this in the chat so I can use this to kind of, these are the levels that I'm always watching. Anyway, remove all the drawings.Alright, so the best way to draw levels, I do this every weekend, and because we're gonna go through the whole process, is turn off your indicators. Just go here, on this eye icon right here, and go hide all, or hide just indicators. Alright, it'll cut most of the noise out.Alright, sweet. Weekly chart first. Every time, weekly chart always first.Alright, and zoom out as much as you can when you're on the weekly chart. And what on a weekly chart we're gonna see is we're gonna see big rejection spots, or big bounce areas. Alright, weekly, only for big rejections or big bounce spots.We don't use weekly levels, because a weekly level can be, literally, like for example, say, this 470, this area right here, 470, 470.9-ish, 471. See this, all these touches? So what we'll do is, we'll draw a line here. Okay, so this is for people who draw weekly charts, weekly lines.First, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, there's so many lines. Okay, now we go on the most recent stuff. What do you see? You see that, okay, there's kind of another, this is the same line, but there's another fucking level that could be drawn here.So what happens is, that basically is a little zone where the stocks bounced of the past. The stocks are having a little hard time. What people do is, they want to draw weekly levels, but weekly levels are never a level, they're always a zone, because it gives us so long to fucking execute, it's always a little zone.That's why I personally do not like Pro. I'm a day trader, man. If I catch a move from 469.9 to 470.9, I'm already up about 30-40%, right? I can give a fuck, but 30-40% of a fucking $10,000 position size, I'm happy, I'm chilling.$4,000 a day, that's a million dollars a year, right? So I don't use this to draw levels, ever. I just want to see big bounce of reject spots, right? Any reject spots that you see, big bounce areas you see. Just most of it is, you just try to draw some level lines, most of the time it's lines, and see if you can find something decent.Okay, not really. Oh yeah, kind of three touches. Um, what else? Maybe a line on the bottom, if you get it nicely.Yep, quite far away. It's like, well, fucking 430, $60 drop, so get rid of it. Um, that's about it.Maybe kind of a little zone around this area. Rejection, rejection, finally break. All right, then on daily.So when you get on the daily chart, you just want to, uh, whatever level, um, the zones that you drew on a weekly, you want to, like we are zooming in, right? So basically now when we take a group photo, um, of 10 different fucking guys, we all sitting, we all standing together and we
take a group photo. What do we do when the first, the moment we get the photo sent to us, what's the first thing we do? We zoom in to us, right? To ourselves. And it's like, when I see fucking how I look, right? So we zoom in.So the weekly chart is a group photo. The daily is we want to zoom in, do what's happening now, right? Because it's one weekly candle on it, but there's five daily candles inside. Weekly candle.Right? So now we zoom in and now we want to just test our theory of this rejection on the daily. Okay. One, two, three.Okay. Now we know this is done. This is read. And also this zone. All right. Let's see.This little mistake we made would be a little bit lower. All right. Sweet.Now quickly level clearly getting rejected. Finally broke out. Now this is the time when we jump on a 60 minute chart and this is what I do every single day.The moment I do 60 minute chart is first things. Corner line chart will make your life so easy. It's corner line chart.It doesn't have to be perfect. Corner line chart, draw levels from bottom to top. It's just way easier.Draw levels from bottom to top. Any curve that you see on the line, which is like a big curve, just mark your level there. One, two, three.All right. We're getting closer to it. All right.Everybody got these levels or not? Was it too quick? Say yes or no. All right. So pretty easy, man.This curve, then this particular curve right here, there, a lot of this, not going to be perfect right now. We still got to adjust them, but now we have levels. Right? Yeah.There's about how many people on this fucking call right now? There's about 45 people, man. There's only four people. Let me say, got it.Everybody else. It doesn't cost you fucking time. All right. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet.All right. Now, let's go on a candlestick chart again. Same thing from bottom to top again.All right. Just use the system bottom to top again. What do you see here? A lot of touches, but can you adjust it a little bit better? So more lines are touching exactly this.
So basically my theory with the levels is fam. I want to spot a level where most of the price action was bouncing off of, or most of the, um, most of the VIX were touching. So I used to back in the day, I will draw my level somewhere here.Okay. But that's only one particular fucking candlestick that touched. Now I look for that level, which had most amount of touches within this little, um, within this little bounce spot areas.So that happens usually like, okay, this candle touching here, this point next one is touching this as well. This, this, this wheat and all this attention, this as well. Sweet.This is the area that I need to be very careful of. Every time we dipped below it, we got bought back up. I just want to look for areas which had most amount of touches in that little bounce spot.Excellent. Now moving forward towards the upside right here. Um, can we adjust this or can we just get rid of it fully? Let's say we push it a little bit lower.This move comes down all this getting touched everything. Sweet. All right.Sweet. So we basically just got rid of this particular level right here and we just combined it into one level. So far, so good right here.A couple of touches, another touch, another touch, another touch. Do we need to change the level? No, it's already good above it. All this one kind of not really these wicks.Um, these candles close below, not really, but all these wicks are touching this. Do we need to change this? No, I move one step further. It touched here that day.Okay. Bounced off this area in the pre-market holding below and finally broke up or opened above came back to retest or below pre below level, but no bounced off. Sweet.Um, again, again, again, but can we move this? Look at this. This 486 at a whole number. Can you move this maybe a little bit lower based on all this particular wick right here? Still, everything is getting, everything is touching.I know it's only three, three fucking cents, but we're picking the right way to do it. Does it make sense or not? Other bodies more important for level or the wick a kind of as, as many, as many weeks, as many times it can touch. That's what's more important.Pretty much. I, I'm just looking for spots where I always consider this as a freshly frozen Lake, right? So this is a freshly frozen Lake. Imagine this freshly frozen Lake.You bounce on it once second, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. Now, what are the chances that this 10th time that it tries to bounce here, it just breaks below straight away. I'm looking for those areas which could have been very, very weak now, or very, very, very strong, but weak because so many times it bounced on it, but are very strong that they push the price
up.I, um, it's 12 o'clock. Right. Can you change this 47 zone into a zone? No, it's big zone, man.No, if it was like 45.4 to 45.10. Yeah. Big zone. Um, this 40 cent zone here is probably a four or$5 move on SPX.Do you want to just zone that out? No. All right. So this is done.What else did we miss a level somewhere? Can this be another level somewhere in the middle? Price is bounced on Friday. Price is bounced here. Had a little hard time when break, even after hours kind of bounced.Can we draw a level somewhere in the middle right here? There's actually a lot of touches. Now that I'm looking at it, there's touch in the past. Then this price kind of, you know, closer on this area.So it's a critical level. Clearly open around this area, push below, bounce again. And that even happened on, um, Friday as well.So sweet. That's good. What else? This for this one can move a little bit higher based on it. Yeah. So this kind of stick in touch. This can touch all this.All right. There we go. Hey, let me know the moment fucking this don't make sense.All right. We all use these levels every day for rest of your fucking lives. If you don't trust these levels, you will not be able to use them.All right. You got this level. Why I got it.So many touches happening around that. What else? Above this. Did you notice that as we are moving up? So here we were looking at the most recent because we don't have anything after this.As we're moving up, I'm getting closer and closer to the most recent stuff. I don't want to see what happened. Pope.This is what people do, man. If there's levels here, they go. What happened six years ago around those areas? Who gives a fuck, man? This different market, different news, different president.Everything's different. Who gives a fuck? So only look for most recent stuff. Last couple days.All right. So when I was looking at this area, I wanted to see this day. Last couple days when the price action was trading there.
So now I'm getting closer and closer to this where last couple days we were trading. I'm going to find levels here. All right.That's all you need. We're day traders. We need fresh data. That's what we do. All right. So up until 47 ish is done after this.And anytime you struggle, just go in a little bit. Zoom in, go on a 15 minute chart, be able to drive in better levels. All right.Because on a 60 minute chart, it kind of, it's too much job. And you like, man, where the fuck do I drop this level? Go on a 15. All right.Now you're able to see, okay, prices bounced off this so many times early morning, came back, retest and held below. Finally broke out, but couldn't still holding below. Okay.Yeah. Critical level done. All right.Stop right here. Don't, we're going to get to it in a minute, bro. All right.So 47.5 done above this critical level 48. The reason Dutch, Dutch, another one, another one. Again, I'm always this one.There's one theory of the levels that I kind of, I have in my head is if it's a critical level, it should be able to close about that critical level on a 60 minute chart. If, if it's critical level, it's a, it's closing below the 60 minute chart. If it's not so strong, critical level prices just close above because it just doesn't give a fuck about that critical level.That's pretty much how it kind of goes. So 48, what happened? It was a previous level as well. Now 48 tried to break again, but couldn't close below.All right. 48 critical level. So many touches.What's above it? Can't see much to zoom in, man. Corner 15 for 88.4 ish. Yeah.So that Dutch right here, then broke above, but retest. It's not actually a very strong level there. We've got a line chart again.Maybe actually let's leave it on. Not bad. This one based on this rejections, um, looking sweet. And this is just 49 ish. All right. Looking good.Um, so Donald, why not use the top of the week? If I use the top of the week, then I only get one level getting it touched one time. I want to see most recent time, whenever we went there, like something that touched most amount of time. So most recently it touched twice.So I draw that level. All right. Sometimes what happens is it kind of looks like, it look like this,
um, say the scandal sick, close here.And the next one, it kind of will never fucking do this because it'll open roughly here. But let's say for argument's sake, and you have a Vic, but for you, what are you doing? This instance, how do we draw levels in this instance? It will never happen because it closed here. It couldn't open like on it.It'll always open something like this. But if it does, where do the levels go? Most touches again, right? The most touches run this little zone. It was the most touch.Can we say this had a little Vic right here? Okay. Where was the most touches? That was right around here, right? But now if you think about it, this area of 490.3, this area of 490.7, quite wide. Yeah, quite wide.What do we do? Draw another level. If the Vic of this, Donald was say another 40 cents, I would draw another level there. It's just like a couple of cents and you really, you know, just tried to break, couldn't think of it like psychologically, it tried to break, couldn't close below sweet.But now if you try to break, buyers came in, it pushed above the price for another 30 cents. You need a lot of buyers to push above the price for another 30, 40 cents. Okay.What does that mean? There's some sort of buyers were interested in that price action when it broke above that critical level. So now, the simple theory here is draw the level where the sellers came in at the top of the Vic. That's where the sellers kicked in.Right here, buyers tried, but sellers are like, nope. So we only draw where the most touches are. Now, there's one last bit left out of this whole thing.Zoom, zoom out. No, you'd be like, bro, I can't really see anything on the charts. I get it. Um, just go right here. Just hide everything. Hide all the indicators.Do you see any trend line forming? I see, I see a little on the bottom. There might be a little trend line forming, right? So what do you do? Do you have a trend line? The moment you touch all the lines are going to come back, but hey, it's all right. And I draw trend lines based off the Vicks.Okay. Trend lines go based off the Vicks. So what do we do? Find the most touches.First, second, third, fourth, fifth touch, sixth, right here. All right. So now we have a trend line.This makes sense, right? And now we're ready for the fucking day. What do we do? Two minute chart. Are we ready? We get a patient scandal.What are these levels? Take profit levels. This is what you do every single day. And please, every day, draw fresh levels, right? Wake up early.
It takes me, how long are the usually the videos that I make to, uh, where I'm drawing levels. Those are like 10, 10 minute long videos every day. Yeah.It takes me that long to go over all these talks. So we'll break with enough practice, man. You only need 10 minutes to prepare for the day.Like legit. If I didn't have, um, legit, if I didn't have the discord, if I didn't have anything, I probably, probably be drawing levels at nine, 10 past nine, nine 20, getting my broker ready. Nine 30.And that's it. 20 minutes for the preparation, but it takes long to clean your store. Then think of it as a cafe, right? It takes a long time.Clean your store. Make sure everything is good or everything else is nice, but it takes very less time to just fucking turn on your coffee machine. Why am I telling you this? It takes long time to get yourself ready.It takes very less time to fucking do the charts and all this stuff. So the early morning stuff that you need to do, wake up, have a shower, if you fucking want, um, have a coffee, do your brain dump on a piece of paper, just grab a piece of paper and just write whatever the fuck is on your brain. Who here does not do it? By the way, that's my fucking question.So everybody's faces that I see right now, and you guys are fucking stressed right now, bro. You probably could use a fucking brain dump session right now. This is most of the faces that I see stressed as the reason that long day, fucking Sunday and a long day.You ready for the fucking next week, but you stressed out. Now I know, I know every, there's so many things that I say. If I was not doing this, I would not be here today.Um, but I don't think I would be so rich. Um, or I would be so wealthy. I'll be so happy if I was not doing my brain dumps every day.There's some days where I don't want to do it. Some days that it feels like work. I'm like, man, I really don't want to do it, but I'm not like one of those motherfuckers.You're like the days you feel like don't, don't want to do it. That's when you do it. I'm not one of those motherfuckers, man.All right. These, you don't feel like doing it, but don't do it. You write one, two lines, just write down that.I am sitting down. I have a lot of things going on my brain. I really don't feel like fucking writing it down.Um, I got this done. Cause you might be like, yeah, he's talking shit. Um, look at this shit.
There's some brain dumps that I do. This is a brain dump diary, right? That I use. Um, there's some brain dumps that I do, which bro.Sometimes I go like in that case, I, um, who is June? What's the date? June 23rd. It says, all right. Looks like Mr. King is back.Hey, looks like Mr. King is back. Uh, and it goes for like this one page, second, third, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 10 pages to just writing my stuff down, bro. Imagine how stressed I would be.Like if I didn't do it, fuck 10 pages of me writing down took me an hour, right? I do not do 10 pages. Usually they're long. It's just like when I'm really, really stressed, I need to, I know for a fact I need to put everything on a piece of paper.And then I'm writing down this little points that these points came from those 10 points. This is the stuff that I need to get done. I'm doing this, like marking them on my chart or my thing.Um, and yeah, let me show you the day where I didn't feel like fucking doing much. Cause I know it benefits me. It's usually, I don't do too much drama.So this is the one, this, this is a day before this. And this is the day where I really didn't feel like it. I just wrote down what's going on my fucking head a little bit.All right. So why am I telling you this again? You want to make better levels. You want to fucking take better trades.You can't be stressed about fucking paying the water bill, right? You can't be stressed about fucking, um, sending an email to your fucking boss that evening. You can't be stressed about, Oh, it's my homie's fucking birthday. I'm going to send him a fucking message.Cause when it's time to execute, we fucking execute, right? So, all right fam, this is what we're going to do now. I'm going to make a teams of four people again. You guys going to get one stock each, three levels together on voice.All right. And then everybody come back. And we're going to literally go over the levels with you.All right. You're cool with it. It's cool in the chat.We said, just pen it all down, all the thoughts, a checklist and go backward. Take one. One.Yeah. We, one of the ways I do it, man, anytime I get stuck, I just say, I start writing. I have no idea what to fucking ride.Well, stock hunter told me if I can, I have to keep writing and a, the idea comes up. Cause that's an idea where you're thinking, I do not know what to write. That's an idea.
The moment you put that idea on a page, you start fucking going off again. All right fam. So let me get you guys into little teams first.And then how many people there? 40, say four people. Four or five. Two. Yeah. Three. All right.No, it's sounds like four to five people, right? It takes me about 25 minutes. Nah, I've tried. I've tried writing more than 25 minutes on any given working day.Now I can't do it. 25 ish is a good spot. It takes me five minutes to get ready.When I come back to my office, come to my office, 25 minutes of brain dump. And get anything done for me. No problem.So the stocks that we're going to do is hang on to stay in this room. Or does it, whenever I create a breakout room, how does it work? Does it just kicks you out and you go in that room or you have to join yourself? It gives you in what you have to join. Yeah.Okay. I'm going to create one. Do not join straight away.Okay. I'll tell you what stock you're going to fucking go and draw levels on. And I have only 15 minutes.And then you go. All right. Sweet.So Justin, Noel sewage in you guys room, room number one. You guys see the room numbers as well or not? No. Right.All right. So Justin, Noel sewage, you guys will be in one room. There's like five people. Andres and Jamie. Right. Do you guys can go even now, straight away.Do you? Brace, I'll drink it. Jeff Hanson, Lopez, Apple. Let's see. All right. You guys can go straight away. Goodbye.I'm going to open in a minute. All right. Give me one second. Mitch, Robbie, Christopher. And I think that's QC. Oh, Mac.Y'all pain. Let's do Microsoft. Right.I'm going to open after this and read you in their room as well. To help them. I got them. Let them do whatever the fucking doing bench. My boob. Paul, Sreenath, and a sewage. You know, fucking two groups. You're joining from two devices. You must.
All right. The video, right? Bams. Maybe you are.What do we group you in? You guys are doing the video. All right. There comes Jessica. Brian. You guys are doing. Tesla.Right. Sweet. Let's see.We have. You know what? You go in room number six. Much better. All right. Move to room six. All right.Cruz, my boob, Mr. Do and reason your room as well. Do matter. I have him. And then the last room is. One. Darren.Bro, let's fucking go for Amazon. All right. Who said I'm a woke? No problem, bro. Other people can do. All right. Just keep an eye.I have him. Here we go. You all know the socks that you're doing.And should be good. Man, you got to love technology, man. This this shit's good. Donald, you. Hey, that's Graham. That's.Yeah, you guys. You don't make sure you let them know. Okay. I don't think I told him. Do. Amd.Yeah. Room number seven. Amd. Abra. Yeah. But I missed.All right. Legal. You still here, my brother.You're not gone. But you didn't get then. Why? Mitch.Right. How the heck did I miss? Mitch, Chris, Robbie. Mitch, Mitch is out. Jamie. Right. In the group.Number one. Noel. Justin and Andres. QQQ's. Jamie. Goodbye.My boo. I think maybe we'll rejoin in the other group. This could be me.Why are you still here, bro? You can't figure it out. Maybe later. I'll figure out my brother.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, Hi room, number one. I'm still waiting for you guys got dead. Come on.I'm typing. I'm typing. I'm typing for some reason.If you share the levels on the zoom chat, I won't be able to open them with you guys while I'm screen sharing send in the KCU discord chat please. I'll hand it to him. Justin, where you typing? You say you're typing, you're typing, you're typing 20 times, but where you typing? I don't see you.I'm typing in the Zoom chat. Now I'm copying, pasting it into the KCU chat. All right, all right, all right.I'm like, man, this man's like, I'm typing. I don't see him typing at all. I'm copy pasting.I heard you say that you want it in the KCU chat. So I'm getting it in there. Well, other people, yeah.All right, here we go. Here we are. Let me open this, open in browser, bring the browser up here and go over this stuff.Share screen, desktop to share. And this is by? No, this is Apple. This is, yeah, this is Hanson.Yeah, this is off the one hour chart as well. Yes, sir, let's go. Oh, why the fuck is this not level? This is just like, bro, this is just a level straight forward.You right? I know I'm right. It was me. Why is this a level and not this? All right, first things.So the, I think cause my, how my eyes were focusing, I did zoom out pretty far, but I zoomed out to January and December. So that was technically also a level within December itself. Just the most recent stuff, my brother.Right. Yeah. Whatever happened in December, the market was different.The market participants were different. People had different theories. It's still different.So first level is right here and that level goes. So there is, all right, everybody, does it make sense? Or no, I don't know for some reason I can't fucking zoom in. The second one is, yeah, this is pretty good.This is pretty good. 191.97 ish. I would say this is all right too.Decent. Maybe this one can move a little bit lower based on this week. Yeah.Does it make sense, everybody? All right. So this could probably move up a little bit, man, but basically because maybe there's more candles or wicks here or even could be a little zone as
well. Maybe 190 ish.There's too many levels touching 190. I know it's only 9 cents off, but the 9 cents could be a reason you're not jumping into a trade. One, two, three, four.Yeah. And this one just, right, move it up a little bit based on this wick. Move it to this particular wick so everything is touching.Why is it here? I think I was trying to incorporate that green wick, the green body that doesn't have a wick at the bottom, closely around that area. And yeah, that's like trying to save one egg and you drop it, right? Right. Right.So hey, move that up a little bit. That should be good. Now, downside levels.Yes, wait, upside. Let's look at it. For some reason, I don't like this level the moment I looked at it.Why is this not moved up a little bit so every single thing can be touching from just the most recent action? Hey, everybody, does it make sense? Why is this not moved up a little bit, bro? Why everybody from the group, from group room number two? Why is this not moved up a little bit? This level is good. This level is pretty good. Maybe this one could be just around 194.5, bro, based on everything right here.Let me tell you something, all right, bro? I'm always a little bit biased towards a little whole numbers. So if I see something happening near the whole number, I'm always going closer to that. I'm paying more attention to that.So 194.5, I pay more attention to that one than what's happening 194.37. Does it make sense? So 194.5 right here, you see, okay, one, two, three, four, multiple touches here, this particular wick. Then we had this wick, this, this, this, again, again, and this. So instead of this 194.25, which you have, could be 0.5, yeah? Yeah.Okay, above this, this just came because of one pretty much wick, one wick right here. Why can't we move this a little bit forward, a little bit further, so everything can be touching? So you drew a level where one, or maybe another one is touching, but you didn't draw a level where one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Eight touches are happening, which is a little bit, maybe 195.1-ish or two, in this case.Yeah, or no? Definitely need to update my. And then the top level looks pretty good. I had a question in regards to the blue trend line.Would that necessarily count as a trend line because it has two touches, technically? No, it's too steep. It's too steep, yeah. These steep trend lines, usually they'll hurt you.It's too steep, the angle is too much. All right, sweet. Good.
All right, next, QQQs, Jamie. Let's go. Goddamn, looks good, looks good.Why is this no, there's no level in here? Yeah, so that's what we actually were gonna question. Yeah. We didn't know what to put there, as I believe it did not hit that area for a long, long, long time ago.Like, we're talking about like two, maybe two-ish years, even if. I'll show you, I'll show you what to do with it, all right? So basically from four, yeah, 416.7 to 421, I'll show you in a minute. So this 421 looks good.This particular level, why is it not a little bit moved further down? A lot of touches. There's all these vex as well. 423.3 and moved down a little bit more.Best of this. Yeah. Man, for some reason I can't fucking zoom in.What the fuck? Does this make sense or no? Yeah. Probably a little bit lower, 420 based on these vex. Even this pre-market prime, most recent action or after hours.Control plus, don't work, man. This for fucking Mac, don't work. Control plus, don't work. Anyway, move this a little bit lower. That's good. Probably, actually, this is decent.This is good. This is decent too. Well, actually these levels are not bad, bro.These levels are not bad. Maybe we can add another level somewhere in the middle right here, because it's a very wide $2 zone for QQQs. We can probably have another level here, which I'll show you how to do it.Let's go over it. So basically we're doing QQQs and you want to draw a level from this zone right here and ignore the rest. So basically you want to draw levels from this zone to the next one, 421.Alpham, if you ever fall into a trap like this, where there's only one trending day and you do not have, like, back in the day, you don't have much data, you're like, bro, what the fuck am I meant to do? Corner 15. Zoom in. All right, zoom in.What do you see? On a 15, first level that we get is this 420. Why? Stock is 420. Old number, came back, retest, made a huge move.Now all this, it's a huge move, right? Huge move. It's only on a 15 minute chart, there's no pullback. What do we do? Zoom in.Even more. And now you'll see some levels, 100%. Do you see it? Do you see it, bro? A retest, a rejection, they finally broke, retest.Clearly, that's a critical level. So now what happened? Now we have levels. And that zone is all.
So anytime a stock, the only hard time that you will have in drawing levels, fam, is when we gap up like this. And there's a clear gap up. You're like, bro, what am I meant to fucking do here? So in any case, if we gap up, or even in this case, fam, if we didn't have this, every $1 move could become a level.Even here, if you look at it, man, 418, 419, 420, 421, pretty much. It's every $1 move anywhere. This make sense or no? All right.Now, we have good stuff there. Good stuff, bro. Good levels, I love it.Darren, Amazon Group A. Man, it's gonna be fun. Darren, I hope you're doing well, fam. Stock's trading around 158.Only look for a few levels towards either side. This is actually, yeah, I wouldn't even consider this a level, bro. Just merge them both.Make one level out of both. If you're still here. All right, this is too close.Level's too close to each other. 20 cents, 30 cents apart. Make one level out of both. Otherwise, it's good. Move this a little bit lower to this. All right, hang on.Let me actually show it while I'm. Everybody, open up the chart, all right? Everybody open up the Amazon's chart. I'll show you Amazon right here.How I would draw levels. All right. Much easier.From Discord, just open up that. I'm on your forums or something, and I'll show you. So, instead of he drew a level here at 158.5 and 158.2, why wouldn't we just merge one and draw somewhere where there are most touches, which is like right here.One, two, three. All these wigs are getting touching around this area. So, we got rid of one level.Right? Right. And then we had entry level 157.26, roughly around this area. Now, the question that I have is, there's only one thing touching there, pretty much, or there's somewhere in the middle right here, but something that we can clearly see, man, 157.Why not that? One, two, three, four. Plenty touches in here as well. 157. Yeah. And then we, and you ignored all the, bro. Bro.Why would you ignore all this? These are all the wigs. This is all important. Somewhere around here.That means, only, let's look at this Wednesday, all right? What happened on Wednesday? Market opened. This Wednesday, market opened, prices came down, was selling off. All of a
sudden, cop-out back up straight away.We went to the fucking highest nearly. So that area is a critical area. Now, what we need to see is a critical zone if we have like some other fucking times it touched it.And based off this, man, what we see is somewhere around here is a critical level. Why? Couple touches here. Then lately, last three times when it came down, it bounced off heavy as well.Or we looking for little spots where prices fucking came down and it bounced. And we want to mark that on chart. The strong bounces, okay? Because literally this can happen again as well.History doesn't repeat in the market, it just rhymes itself. We're kind of similar stuff, right? Then we have, okay, 157, 155.7, you said. Yeah, that's actually good.0.5-ish maybe. Yeah, somewhere around here. The reasoning, the reasoning, three touches here.Quite a few touches here. And it's just like 0.5 area. That makes sense.We can move it maybe 156 as well, by the way. The way this moves. And again, there's no point drawing levels around 153.That's like you're wasting your time pretty much at that stage. It's too far. Stick closer to the, what's happening right now.Three or four levels, that's pretty much it. This is for everybody, man. Stick closer to what's happening and that's about it.It's easy to find levels. All we need to do is this. Upside, 159, 9.6. Every single level is good, bro, but I want to see this level instead of the top.Or maybe we can have a top as well. But I want to see this level as well because there's two touches. Do you see it on your charts? Yes.Yeah. This is important. Yeah, this is kind of important too, but that's important as well. All right, because stocks can reject off that. But that's good stuff, man. I like it.Yeah. Maybe we can remove the 159.14. We don't really need it. All right, fam. This is good. Just share this. It's a group one.Hey, we went over. QQQ's, no, not yet. Oh, Jim.We kind of went over before this as well. That would make sense, yeah. NVIDIA. NVIDIA is easy, man. NVIDIA is the easiest name. NVIDIA.
This level, yeah, based off. Yep, sweet. Remove this level a little bit lower.Move this level a little bit lower based on all these wicks are touching. I think these are pivot points, right? Basically the pivot point is pretty much. This is good.Downside, this is good. All right, even, man, this is good. This is decent. Yeah, nah, this is good. Hey, good stuff. I love it.Just to fix the top, that's about it. I love it. And then as soon as the high of the day breaks, we only look for one dollar moves, pretty much.By the way, fam, I don't know if you guys knew this. If you're on the Discord, if you're on the Zoom, you can actually zoom in on my screen. I don't know if you guys know this.Yeah, you can zoom in on my screen. So zoom in when I'm looking at levels, when I'm looking at stocks. So, Robbie, Microsoft, group three.Send me two charts. I have 15 and, oh, all right. 400, yes, critical. Front line, sweet. This is good. This is good.God damn. Yo, these levels are actually good. These levels are really good.Hey, good stuff. There's nothing you can change in these levels, fam. Do you guys see, just zoom in on this photo of your phones or whatever, wherever you're watching this.Every single week is looked after. Everything is touching around the critical points. Like 400 breaks, then probably, you know, next level, it's a little bit further away, so no point.But towards the upside and downside, they both make sense. Like it's because they're in KCU, right? And now this is good. I love it.Okay, I have a question. Robbie, did you go on a 15-minute chart to kind of make a little more sense of the levels or did you just use 60? I know you sent me 15 as well, but. Yeah, we've used both the 15 and the, is the other chart that's there, is that a 60 or did I copy both the 15 minutes there by accident? Right, no, I love it.I love it, I love it, I love it. This is good, this is good, good stuff. Donald, what stock is this at? AMD.Ah, AMD, sweet. God damn, how the fuck do you see these levels? I'm gonna go blind fucking, they're so tiny. So thin.All right, this is good, this level is good. Maybe move this level a little bit higher, bro, so that it can at least touch this wick. Donald, this wick right here can at least touch it because it was gonna be good.
Yeah, if we move a little bit higher, even with this one, move a little bit higher so these wicks can be touching. Yeah, I'm pretty sure Ron and Graham have theirs touching. Yeah, why is that level actually fucking there? That's my question.How did you do that? I would have, I don't know why that one's there. Maybe I just misclicked it. No, I think I was trying to do a range and I had a line and I came back and I did the range.Like a zone, that's that purple. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, now this could move up a little bit more, that's all.And this zone is actually, yeah. This zone, how wide is this zone? One, how wide is this zone, how many cents? I think it's 30 cents. Yeah, sounds about right.One, two, yeah, that's good. Upside levels are good as well. Bro, these levels are good, I love it.Yeah, I love it. Sweet, that's it, yeah. One thing, fam, on your trading view, if you guys ever struggle with kind of dropping your levels near the actual lines, use this feature called magnet.There's a feature called magnet right here. Let's just create a strong magnet. The moment you draw, let's say I need to draw a level.I need to draw a level. It just freaking becomes this magnet where you automatically wanna draw a level there. So you do not have to go out there and try to hunt for these wicks.As soon as I'm moving up, look at this. I'm just moving up here. Let's try to fucking get closer to the wick which I was closer by.You see it? So you move up a little bit, and this is the closing price. So it's becoming a magnet for the closing price. Move up a little bit more.Oh, it goes to the top of the wick. I do not like this just because it fucks with my charting a little bit, but I don't mind this weak magnet. This weak one does the job, but it's not as subtle as the other one.All right, it's pretty good. I'm gonna use this sometimes. I just go like this, and then press your hotkey.The levels are done. Now you do not have to go, oh, this is the highest. This one cent, it automatically looks after that one, two cents that you could have missed otherwise.Pretty good. By the way, another thing, man. Please, whenever I'm saying about, oh, look at these levels.They're so tiny. I can't even see them. Bro, nobody here.I'm always joking, all right? Don't get offended. I'm always playing around. I'm always laughing.
That's me with you guys, all right? Because I kind of always treat you guys like a family. All right? I hope nobody fucking gets offended for nothing. That doesn't mean, hey, that does not mean that I do not respect you guys.I still have a lot of respect for you guys because I was there where you guys are back in the day. I was on the other side of the Zoom meetings. I remember them.I remember the mindset I had. I remember the dudes, the way, how serious they were all the time, and I always were like, man, I don't want to ask any question because what if he doesn't reply or anything? That's the only thing that I don't want to do here. That's why I always keep a playful mood around here so everyone's more comfortable.All right? Make sense? That's the only reason, only reason of this. Suraj, Suraj is having fun. He's like having a little massager on.He's like fucking having fun. He, he, he, he, he, he, he, he's like moving his head around. Oh man.I just looked at Suraj, he's like, has his eyes shut, he's like this. Oh, he's like, fuck this. This feels good.All right. He took it down. Nah, bro, you're good, bro.All right. Next year is Meta V's group. These guys made levels at the end.So I went to everybody. I went to every group. I'm like, yeah, V's in the group, you know, the levels will be done.Then I went to this particular room. Like, you guys' levels are done. And now we're going to get to it soon.Nah, we were, that's it. You guys were talking shit. That's good.Hey, hey, hey, hey. They were talking about everything, but the fucking levels. Oh man. Anyway. Meta. All right.This is good. Probably we draw level 398. Everyone will move towards 400, but anyway. This is decent. Yep, this is good too, based on these wigs. Nice, nice, nice.Good. Yeah, these levels are pretty good. Maybe I don't like the trend line. That's about it. I really don't like the trend line. That's about it.I know V, hey, you listened to V draw the trend line, yeah? We love drawing trend lines. I don't like the trend line, that's about it, bro. Levels are looking good.
The trend line looks forced. It looks forced-ass to me. She's like, I want to just see what I want to see.That's what she's saying to that. All right. I know even, hey, Moistify, I know even you.You love fucking drawing trend lines too. But don't force the trend line. All right, bro? But good levels, man.Proud of you, bro. Even V, look at that. V, I knew it.I knew the idea came from you. I just knew it. He loves trend lines.Goddamn. But that trend line pretty much looks forced to me because of like this. It tried to break here.Tried to break next day again. It couldn't. Yeah, a little bit off.But yeah. Hey, what about everybody else? Is that all? Is that it? No. No fucking way.Who hasn't sent anything yet? Six groups, eh? It was eight. Seven, three, four. Who's the fifth group? Who is the fifth one? Yeah, Tesla.Who's Tesla chart? I see eight. Jessica, Brian. Right. Nah, here we go. Here we go. Hey, nice.Okay, I do not see the prices, but this level looks decent. Yes. Maybe I'll draw one level somewhere here, bro.Maybe move this up a little bit based on the wicks at the top. Yep, yep. Yeah, that's the only thing I'll change.Maybe you can leave this here if you want to, but draw a level based on these wicks at the top right here. Does that make sense? Right. Oh, it looks good.It will kind of look like this on Tesla. So if we have to draw a level somewhere in the middle, maybe I'll draw another one here. Oh man, let me turn this fucking magnet off.God damn. Maybe somewhere here. Few touches, if we have to draw a level.Because you have a level here, which is good. But I'll draw a level here as well. Lot of touches.Go on a 15 minute chart, you'll know why. You see it? Everybody see it? The reason why this level came? Easy. All right.Any questions you guys have? And then the level workshop is done. We went over levels. Had a little bit of fun as well, but I like these interactive workshops, man.
I love them. They make you think. They make you question.And they make a sense of community even more. All right, let's do Q&A. Anybody have any questions? No.Yeah, go for it. Any questions. Doesn't have to be just levels.So I had a question for, I had wrote it down the other day. I was saying, if you were to take a trade that's like around 10.45 and you're still on the five minute and you just broke like the 200 moving average to the downside already, but then the 200 is sitting right there on the 10 minute chart where you have to switch over, would you wait to take the trade? Because you're about to switch charts, even if like the trend is already established, like going that direction. Interesting.No, I'll take the trade because it's still 15 minutes to go. It was like five minutes to go, like at the 55 mark. So I was like, cause I found that that happened to me, I think like a couple of days and I forgot to ask it.So I was like, it had just broken on the five minute, on the 10 minute it was sitting like right there and it was just about to switch over, but the patient's candle had formed. I'm like, oh, that's it. And I hesitated and didn't take the trade cause I was looking at the 200 sitting on the 10 minute cause I knew it was about to switch charts.So I was like. Right, I probably would have taken a trade myself if it was me, I would have taken it because we trade five minute chart that time zone comes five minutes. I would not even know what's happening on the 10 minute because I'm married to five minute for that time frame.But if I'm in the trade and I jump on a 10 minute chart, I see that probably I shit my pants. I'm like, man, damn, I have to close this. But yeah, I would have entered because please do not confuse yourself with the two separate things that there's two different timeframes for it.It's like salt and sugar, they look similar, but they're different, right? So at that particular time, we'd focus on five minute chart, just focus on five. When we get to 10, manage, get out of five. If you're in 10 contract, get out of five, get out of eight or wait for a better trade, get out and then wait for a better entry to jump back in again with those contracts that you jumped out of.But if the trade is setting up really nicely, has broken everything on a five minute chart, looks beautiful, execute. Execute on a 10 minute chart, you have a little bit of work to do, but hey, imagine those five minute fucking turned out to be one, say $3 drop on SPY. And I've seen that happen.So that's a lot of money. Imagine you wait and you're like, let me wait. And you miss out on that fucking nearly three grand.God damn. You see what I'm saying? So on a five minute chart, if you're on a five minute chart,
just trade the five minute. When you jump to 10 minute, manage on the 10 minute.Nice question though, made me fucking think. V, what would you have done? Same shit, same thing, right? With me, I would have- You would not have taken the trade. Like, let me sit outside.Either that or I will take off at 200 MA. I would have expected the bounce there. And you know what I mean? But you, V, you always watch.He's always watching. So even if it's 11 o'clock, he has 10 minute chart open, five minute chart open, and two minute chart. He always watch all of these charts.I'm a cop. It's too much information for me. But yeah, V might have jumped out. Yeah, exactly. I would have taken some off. I would expect the bounce there.Yeah. Fuck, I would not even know up until I get to 10 minute. Or to begin with, I won't go that heavy.Because I'm heading to resistance in five minutes time. Yeah, I'm curious now. What happened that day? What happened? Did it stop bouncing? It moved.No, it didn't. It kept going. You got it.That's the answer. Which day was it? I'm not sure. I got to look at the chart and I'll send it to you.All right. So, that's- I didn't write the date on my note, but it was like a little, I had a little piece of paper and I was like, oh, let me make sure I asked him about this. Yeah, nice.It was a good one. Well, that's a good question. Yeah.All right. Anybody else have any questions, fam? No? All right, sweet. I love it. All right, fam. So, this week we did levels. Next week we're gonna do trend.All right. Trend workshop. I think trend's something you guys can fucking learn. Like, you guys will enjoy it. That's gonna be the best class. Right.And then gonna come the patience. Do you use FBGs or? But I have no idea what that is. Yeah. Somebody asked me a question. I have no idea what it is. But yeah, fam.If you guys don't have any- questions, we're gonna just call it. I know this went a little bit longer than I expected. But it was a fun class, though.It was fun. I loved it. I think once a week, Vy, it just is good.
It gives me enough time to prepare. It gives you guys enough time to fucking just do whatever you fucking doing. And it's on Sunday.And it's just one long session rather than two tiny ones. Yeah, it prepares for the, like, with the right mindset for the next day, you know, at the start of the week. Right.Nah, I love it, man. I love it. All right, fam.So on that note, I'll see you guys later. All right? You guys have a good week. Goodbye. Peace.
cmv0duqq9n7s72sd7830Alright, what is going on? Hope you are having the best day of your entire motherfucking life. Now, you are in a new module. Let me turn the lights on.Beautiful. Alright, now you are in a new module. A brand new module.And you so far, you're fucking killing it. Absolutely killing it. I'm super fucking proud of you.Now what we're going to do moving forward. In this module, we're going to talk about risk management, psychology, the stuff that you need in trading that can make you so much money. Now here's the thing.I'm sure that you might have heard this before that trading is about 10% skill, 90% psychology, right? What a lot of people do is they focus on too much on the 10% skill and they forget about the 90% psychology and it's always the psychology that's hurting people, right? So now what we're going to do in this module is I'm going to go over the risk management, how to control your downside, how to be on top of your psychology, how to make sure that you are the one who is winning in the market and not the other motherfucker who is on the other side, right? Because at the end of the day, there's only so much money in the stock market. Like you've got to always think of, this is one thing I always tell everybody, right? There's this much money on the stock market. There's basically a tug of war going on between you holding this, right? And on the other side, there's you pulling it towards him.So your goal is to get the money towards you, his goal is this. Now who wins? If you have more edge, you win. Now what does that mean? That means you have more biceps, one, that could be an edge.Second one, what could it be? He has a wall behind him so he can't really go too forward and you have a full area behind you, that's a second edge. Third, you have a hard, like a concrete ground so your feet do not slip and he has tiles and his foot's slipping, right? That's three. Fourth, you have like a team of multiple people, that could be another one, right? Now these all are called edges.Now we have edge, so who wins? Who wins this game? Pretty much becomes a one-sided game, right? That's our goal. How do you become one-sided when it comes to trading? Like it can never be 100%. But most of the time, how? If you control your risk management and psychology.Once you master this, man, there's fucking boatloads of motherfucking money out there, man, I promise you. Now let's look at the module overview, what we're going to do in this module. A few things that are really, really important that we're going to go over.First one is introduction to risk management. We're going to go over risk management. How to
create a risk management plan because at the end of the day, if you do not know how to create a risk management plan, doesn't matter what I tell you, doesn't matter how much trading account, big account you have, doesn't matter anything, you will not be able to make any money because you will lose too much money when you're losing money and that's a death.Literally death as a trader because you do not know how to not lose money. So far, what we have learned so far in the whole modules is how to make money. Now in this module, we're going to go over how not to lose money.How not to lose because you will lose the trader, of course, like you will have losses, but how not to lose so much money that it's very hard to come back from. Then introduction to trading psychology because psychology is literally the one thing that literally makes the whole thing, this thing, see this, this whole thing becomes a one-sided game if you master the trading psychology. And then how to master your mind.How to master your mind so you can trick your mind to fucking literally serve you so you can become the best trader that you want to become. How to master your mind. And then habits of highly successful traders.Now when I was making this habits of highly successful traders, I literally spoke to you about maybe 30 or 40 individuals who make a lot of money from trading. And I spoke to them, what makes you a good trader? Give me three things. And they told me the three things.And then I spoke to maybe 30 or 40 of them, maybe a little bit less, maybe 20, whatever. Spoke to plenty of traders and I wrote it down everything and I try to find the overlapping things. What's overlapping in everything? And the points, six or seven points that overlapped among everybody, those are the points, habits of highly successful traders that I'm going to go over.And then comes emotions in trading. Because hey, you miss a trade, you get emotional. You lose on a trade, you get emotional.You want to punch the fucking computer because you're emotional. You missed out on a trade, that's emotion. Now, the anger, the fear, the greed, all this, the hope, all this is emotions.And we will try to find a balance between fear, hope, and greed in the market. Because at the end of the day, fam, there's always like, this is one diagram that I'll make and draw this while I'm drawing it, right? This is fear. What people think you do not need to be fearful.If you're not scared of losing money, I promise you, you will jump in a too big of a position size. If you jump in too big of a position size, what happens? If you take a loss, you lose too much. So being scared in the market is actually good, but not too scared.So we'll find out the perfect spot. The second one is greed. This is greed.You need to be greedy, man. People say don't be greedy. You need to be greedy.
You need to let your runners run. At the end of the day, if you do not let your runners run, you won't be able to make money, right? So you need to learn how to let your runners run. So that means you need to be a little bit greedy.And the third one is hope. And this is hope. Like if you do not hope that the market is going to literally go in your favor, especially when the system is in place, you entered because of a patient scandal.You have levels in check, you have trends in check, you have patient scandals, everything's ready to go. Why would you not hope that the trade will work out? So you need a little bit of hope, okay? Now, for example, when I say that, for example, let's say you're in a trade, right? This is your patient scandal forming up. Price is roughly trading here.It hasn't hit the stop loss yet. So you do not jump out. Does that make you a hope trader? Like someone sitting in hope? No.That makes you a systematic trader. But yeah, at least still you have hope that, hey, hasn't hit the stop loss. So you need a little bit of hope.If you do not have hope, you'll jump out and then the trade will go. Now, you know who makes most amount of money? The trader who's here. Like this thing overlapping between all this is who makes most amount of money.Someone who is fearful a little bit, who's greedy a little bit, like look at this, how small of a size it is. A little bit scared, a little bit greedy, a little bit have hope. That trader makes most amount of money.If you want to make most amount of money, you need to in this. Now ask yourself, what do I need to do in order to land here? I need to be a little bit fearful. I need to be a little bit greedy.I need to be a little bit hopeful. Okay. Write your plan down.Write your stuff down. And that's how you find the balance between all three. All right.That's what we're going to do moving forward. Let's fucking go. Welcome to the new module. Time to literally go over and master your fucking brain. Let's fucking go.
cmv0dv6mphas72sn3og0All right, so welcome to a new video now in this video fam, we're gonna go over hey i'm kind of man It's so hot out there my freaking look at this A dark patch on my forehead. This bit is white This bit is dark My nose is this bit is white. This bit has gone dark in my neck Oh a white down there necks gone darker, man Sun sun burning me up Anyway fam, um, so in this video we're gonna go over.What is risk management? Why is risk management? Why do you need it? all right, so Let's get started now risk management refers to the process again. Hey pay attention. This is very very important stuff risk management refers to the processes The stuff that we put together into place When trading to keep our focus So that we do not lose money And if we do lose money, we lose under control And have a very good risk to reward overall That is what's called risk management Okay Risk management refers to the processes that are put into place when trading to keep loose like literally losing trades Under control have you ever happened to you where you lose whenever you make money you make 40 50 bucks or whatever But when you lose money you lose 200 you lose 500 Why do you think that happens? That happens because you literally suck at risk management.Okay risk management refers to the processes This is the keyword here processes the stuff that we put together three or four things that we put together into place Just when especially when we are trading to keep our losses off from trading under control You can't eliminate them, but you can keep them under control another keyword under control People try to eliminate losses that does not work. You cannot eliminate losses. You can push them under control And keep a good risk to reward Okay, so don't confuse this Then risk management literally if you know how to follow risk management, it can prevent you like Man, it can prevent you literally losing all your money in the market There's stock market.Here's the thing. All right The main purpose of have like the stock market the whole thing the main purpose of stock market For example, the main what's the main purpose of a timer? A timer what's the main purpose of a timer? The main purpose of a timer is to literally let you know how long Literally the time's left. Okay a beep What's the other purpose of a pen? To write to scribble on things right? What's the other purpose of a Power bank to charge your phone when you need What's the main purpose of? Airpods What's the main purpose of airpods? to literally Have a hands-free Connection with your phone so you can listen to music or talk to someone on the go All right, all these tools have a purpose so what's the purpose of stock market to take your money away from you Literally that's the purpose The reason why all these rich people created this stock market back in the day was to take money away from the poor man So he can keep working at his job and make these rich people even richer That was the purpose Made you made them feel like or you can be a part owner of this big company that we have How about you put all your money in here? Oh, yeah, i'll do that boom gotcha If we can defy the purpose of the market that means we are Like literally 99 of traders cannot defy the
purpose The main purpose of the stock market is to take your money away from you if we can defy its purpose We are literally gonna fucking win all the time like over long period of time We are winning so risk management can help prevent a trader from losing all the money in the on the market on the account So who who is basically helpful here risk management? If you do not know how much you will lose on a given trade if you do not know how much you will lose on any given day bro Good fucking luck.You're just a guest for a few days All right. Now risk management should be applied both by beginners and experienced traders. I've seen this so many times where Literally, I know some people who made so much money back in the day and they have lost it all you know, why? Because they thought they it doesn't apply to them anymore.They are the outlaws. No, you're not in our fucking law All right. This happens to traders who make money like traders make money week one This is second week then comes third week They make money then comes fourth week And then comes one day Where they lose the entire profits on this given day.Why because they think the risk management only applies to beginners No, when you're winning that's when risk management even applies even more so risk management Literally for everybody I don't watch this like oh man boring shit again. No, this shit's important. All right, and then comes Before we look at the strategies that we can use to manage risk on the account Let's first consider why risk management is so important when trading and investing all right, so what i'm gonna go over is I'll go over some rules some stuff that is important to have risk management all this sort of stuff Right, but I don't want to make the videos too long.Um, and you're doing well There's a second video in the module and you fucking smash in here already. I will see you in the next Next video. Yeah, i'll see you in the next video Until then look after yourself and just hey, let the momentum keep going jump on to the next one and i'll see you there Peace.Goodbye
cmv0dv6mphas72sn3oggAlright fam, welcome to the new video in this video. We're gonna go over Some rules that you need absolutely must Rule the risk management. Okay, some tips and tricks that I've learned over time as well now The first most important thing you need as a day trader if you want to make now, there's two questions All right, there's two type of people one who say They want to become a day trader.So these these people right here They only talk about Hope I become a good trader on the other side. There's a trader It talks about how do I become a successful trader? Okay. Now if you really want to make money if you're in this, how do you make money? You this is for you if like a lot, but I've seen like 95% of traders who lose money from those 95% maybe 94 4.8 percent of people are here.They hope that they want to make that they make money one day And people who literally think about how can I make money they make money at the end of the day they make money All right so now some rules of risk management the first most important rule that I've learned really really fucking hard way is make sure you have a Walkway limit For both upside and downside Now you might be like what Yeah, so your upside that upside limit could be like maximum you like break the moment. I'm up $1,000 That's it. I'm out So if you're trading accounts are 1000 you make 1000 of that that means 100% you could double your account that day That means I'm out.So for me if I make anything like 25 grand in a day, but I do not even think I'm out Now, yeah, of course, you might be like brought 25 grand. Of course, you'll be out but over time this number has gone to 25 K because the moment I got over 25 K because I know it's so much money in my brain I Trade a little bit less Focused maybe is a better better term. I do not Focus on the better trades and start focusing on the money So I know for a fact if I'm up over 25 K Walk away the moment.I'm up above 25 K I gotta walk away saying can go for you You're gonna have one limit for the upside if that fucking particular dollar figure hits You're gonna walk away. Now if you're about$600 and you know that this is a day Everything is setting up. The trend is there I should be keep should keep trading trade till you get to the number and then walk away You see I'm saying that's a walkway limit for the upside now the walkway limit for the downside Downside is Your how much money would you walk away if maximum if that number particular hits? How much money would that be like for me personally if I'm 10 K? I'm down 10 K Does not matter fucking what what what's going on? I'm gonna walk away like literally this is my step the moment I'm down 10 K. Now you can pick up a number maybe 500 maybe 200 depends on your account size my simple goal is If I hit the 10 K I am going to literally Flatten my position Like that means close my position straight away Straight away close my positions.Whatever positions I'm at. I'm in turn my broker off walk away Too many times that I see like
this happens to too many traders too many times that I see people are down a certain number which they cannot process themselves in their brain and They try to keep fixing it over time they try to keep like fixing trying to fix fix fix fix fix fix You know what happens? They cannot come out of the red little zone, which is costing them money. They cannot get out of their little little Psychological stuff that is fucking their brain and they try to correct it Like over and over again same particular day and they put themselves deeper and deeper in a hole And then what happens is pretty much in a day like literally within one day they cause themselves Such a big big red day and now they're pretty much out of the business because next day they will be literally so they'll be scared to trade because The game doesn't work like that they'll be scared to trade because the confidence is gone All right So if you hit your downside limit if the downside trading limit hits bro close your frickin position And walk away run All right, because at the end of the day you're gonna give yourself This is what I always tell people.All right, the first point and the second point You're gonna give yourself some time to reset for the next day Imagine you keep trading and you're above ten thousand dollars in profit or twenty five thousand or whatever In profit and you keep trading now you up over 17 K Then you up about 34 K and then you take a stupid trade now you're down to 25 K still green Then another one 18 K you like man, the 34 was good Let me keep trading and now you're like literally you walk away at 11 Your brain is not happy about 11. Your brain is sad that it was up at 34 now It's only up 11. So where did the 23 K go? So you that does not let the brain reset you should I'm saying or 10,000 or you might be like up about 10,000 and then you take another trade now you up now you down about 10,000 then you down about 14,000 You do not give yourself enough room to kind of reset.So what happens? You blow up All right. So trust me on this one, man I have spoken to big hedge fund traders and they have a rule for their Literally they have a rule for their portfolio managers The portfolio manager if having a bad day They walk away at a certain limit just to prevent revenge Trading we all have this little thing in ourselves Where we get frustrated when we are trying over and over again this frustrated feeling and our body kind of goes into this fight-or-flight mode and we try to fix it over like Man and this little feeling inside us the human because we are human beings, right? And that fucks us up. So please please please have it upside limit have his downside limit and walk away All right.Now the third point here is Focus on A-plus positions now this certain type of trades which you should be taking with full position size. For example If if your a-plus setup says it has to break above ORP or it has to break about pre-market high and yesterday's high and then when it gives me a patient scandal on top of ATMA with a confluence of the VWAP That's my a-plus setup Now when you see this particular setup you got a size up a little bit or you got a size normal on This but any of the trade that you take a setup of be setup You should be like a setup it's still one step away. For example, it could be or just VWAP was not there So that's why it's a setup now.Is that I've got to go a little bit less position size Let's say you put $100 in this you put $70 in this
now B would be even a little bit less From this where you would put only 50 bucks. Let's say all right have give yourself a fucking limit I'm gonna go 100% in a plus I'm gonna go 50% in a I'm gonna go 25% in B Okay, a lot of people do not have this and you know what happens they because they do not know How much you size up in a plus how much you size up in a how much you size up in B? They keep trying to fix The mistake that a B trade causes By another B trade but even with bigger position size imagine you lose on a B trade it caused you Save $400 loss Now next trade is a B setup again But instead of going in B setup size You go in a plus setup size and then you lose even more B setup is B setup because of a reason You see them then don't don't size up because you took a loss on any of these setups and then size up on a or B Setup just because you want to come out of the red trade. No, I don't Focus on a plus position size literally, that's what you need a plus a plus trade is what you need Okay.The next one is this beautiful court that I absolutely love if You know your stop-loss If you know your stop-loss in trading, there is nothing that can hurt you In stock market say one more time if you know your stop-loss in day trading man There's nothing that can hurt you in the stock market If you do not know your stop-loss, all you have is there to lose If you know your stop- loss, there's nothing that can hurt you in the stock market Okay now remember just remember risk management is The king Literally like I've really like, you know, I really personally as a trader I really do not care about how much percentage of gains that other people make I know some people make thousand percent gains two thousand percent gains and they literally post on their Instagram or everywhere They post or I made two thousand percent. I really do not give a fuck. You know, why? Because if you cannot manage your positions if you cannot manage your trading account properly all this crazy Percentage and bragging about this crazy percentage gonna one day go away Right.I have personally in my five or six years of journey. I have witnessed people go from hundred to zero I've witnessed people grow from millions to zero I have witnessed people go from like big hedge funds when this game game stop Thing happened in 2021 where the game stop went from $10 to fucking $600 or something $500. I Have seen people lose billions of dollars in a day Why? Because they did not know when to walk away.They did not know the risk management. They didn't know how to practice risk management You see them then you got to have a risk man to go out to have a walk away limit You got to do this stuff very important. So what's the simple plan that you need for this? Stick to LTP nothing else man.Literally nothing else Stick to your drawing levels early morning stick to watch in trends during the day and then wait for the patient scandals to form Take the trade Okay, I have seen this so many times meant which is the first point is moment Kings stick to LTP third point is Overtrading if you over trade you're gonna lose everything You're gonna put your future in jeopardy plus your kids plus your family plus everybody that you know the future in jeopardy Do you want to do that? No People lose because of over trading people lose because of over position sizing people lose because of revenge trading These are the three things that I
personally think that kills 90 fucking five or ninety six percent of traders Now All right You will not be able to do over trading if you stick to LTP you will not be able to literally over position size if you consider your and put a plus a Plus setups then a setups and then B setups if you divide your setups into this you will not be over position size Revenge trading if you literally put yourself into a position where you only trade LTP and only trade this and only have position size based of this You cannot revenge trade So that means these all 95% of traders are doing this So you need to be in the 5% and you need to stop doing this stick to LTP. That's literally it You see what I'm saying now fourth point is fam Even if you follow this, even if you follow this, even if you follow cake Apple's University everything that we preach Even if you do everything trading is not a place which gonna turn you into an overnight fucking success overnight Millionaire or when I billionaire or whatever you think it's not something that you get better at within a month It's not something you get better at within six months. It's not something you get better within a year All right, I'm pretty sure some like maybe you right now watching this video Maybe you've been doing your job for last 20 fucking years and now you are an expert So what makes you think literally within a year within three months within two months within a month? You can become a successful elite level trader No, like I've been to it trading literally five six years and I've been doing everything fucking that I need to do from last four Years, I still make sometimes fucking stupid mistakes because I'm still learning from the fucking bigger game stock markets a game to me You see what I'm saying? I'm still learning every time I make a mistake.I sit down and I try to learn Why even if I make after I made millions of dollars why because I know for a fact the day I stop learning the day I literally start literally start going down So now what's the game here? The game here is you're gonna take you some time Just like a doctor takes freaking eight ten years to become a bloody doctor lawyer takes five six, whatever he is Everything accountant if you're a CPA takes you a few years of fucking practice at school Everything if you want to become a professional athlete, it takes you long fucking time everything now But you being a literally a professional trade is equivalent to these type of people the highly skilled people It takes ease of practice hard work days where? Days where you will feel like man life is so shit. It take it takes mental toll on you. It hurts you emotionally financially Spiritually in every fucking physically in every fucking way possible You go through losses you go through pain you feel pain People ask you what's wrong and you can't tell them because you know They won't understand or they'll make fun of you and I've gone through it all but guess what man if you stick with it My god, it's fucking worth it imagine now Having the ability to do whatever the fuck you want to do Imagine literally creating hours that you want to fucking work Imagine literally looking at the market early morning and being like man I don't want to trade today and literally walking away and still fucking getting your bills paid Imagine your kids say hey daddy.Hey mommy. Can we go to Disneyland and you're like, yeah, let's go Nobody's stopping you imagine going out and eating a thousand dollar steak just because You can't Imagine fucking making the money more disciplined you are more money you make imagine that Now is it
worth it? You tell me Is it worth it? Fuck. Yes, it's worth it man.Of course, it's worth it. It's one of the best things that ever happened to me You see what I'm saying? I went through so much pain so much crap So literally it went to a stage where I didn't want to fucking do it even one day more Was the pain worth it? Fuck. Yes So am I enjoying my life right now? I Fucking love it.You see what I'm saying? Keep going you pushing your day's coming All right All right, all right, all right, let's go now Some of the rules to trading that you must fucking follow. All right, we're gonna go over This is very very important There's like three or four rules that I personally believe you have to follow if you want to become a beautiful like elite level trader first rule is LTP very important. Just follow LTP level strength patient scandals.Nothing else second rule is divide Your setups into a plus a And be anything other than this don't it do not trade Okay, third At the end of the day the biggest scale what we do Buy low Sell high that's literally what we do for patients candles from in here. We buy here. We sell here.That's what we do or we Sell here and buy back here. That's what we do. Right? Keep it simple the fourth rule that I absolutely love is ride the momentum The moment the momentum is there that simply means when the trend is there bro trend is your friend That's so important Right fifth the days when the market is choppy You put less money in the market the day when the markets trendy you put more money in the market Very important focus on the trendy days All right Respect your stop-loss if you cannot respect your stop-loss I promise you you will never be able to become the trader that you want to become It just doesn't work All right Now the seventh one which is a bonus one that I'll give you.All right, I didn't actually have a plan It just came my mind right now Literally focus on days. There's three type of trades that you can focus on right Literally on the days that you should be trading is or the stocks that you should be trading that has high volume Okay beautiful price action Okay, and beautiful trend Literally it how do that start? When we break levels when we pick big levels for the LTP when we break weekly daily hourly levels That means literally the price action is good and the trend can pick up And when this can happen and especially when a hourly level breaks Usually what happens is we see a nice fucking volume. That means high volume beautiful price action in the beautiful fucking trend is What we should be trading moving forward.So L T P fucking Marry this literally marry this there's a ring All right, marry this you want to make money marry the fucking LTP All right. I know you got this keep fucking going keep pushing The next video we're gonna go over introduction to trading psychology. But hey, this was a long video and you smashed it I'm proud of you.All right, you know what you should be doing now. Just walk away walk away for a minute Look like run go enjoy enjoy life. All right, go get a drink That's what you should be doing.
Now go get a drink and I'll see you when you come back All right, because I am going to get a drink. All right Go man go chill relax. I'll see you soon.Goodbye
cmv0dvaq9n7s72sd783gAlright, what is going on? Hope you're having a fucking wonderful day. Hey, tell me, tell me, you beautiful motherfucker, sitting on the other side of the fucking world, maybe, watching this video, you happy where you are man? You happy where you are in your life? Like you're watching this video right now, you're taking all the actions that you need to be taking and you are doing everything that you should be doing? Bro, you should be so fucking proud of you. And I'm proud of you.Alright, let's fucking keep going. Now, in this video, we're going to go over how to deal with choppy markets. Now, let's get straight to it.Alright, let me just get rid of this. Alright, now, the first step in order to recognize that, like, if you want to deal with a choppy market, the first most important thing that you need to do is understand that if the market can be choppy, or it can be on an eventful day or some like, you need to set boundaries for your trading. If you cannot understand when the market tends to be choppy and when it tends to be trendy, you will struggle.Okay, one general rule of thumb that I always use is, if on a daily chart, if the market looks like in the middle of a range, it can be fucking big time choppy. Now, of course, in today, you can catch a little bit of move, but that doesn't mean that you should catch that. We rather fucking wait for the trendy move and fucking catch a big move rather than small moves and that, right.So first, most important thing to recognize is the trading day could be choppy or an eventful day. Once you realize that you need to learn to sit on your hands and observe the market, because literally, most amount of traders, 95% of the traders lose money because they get victim to the fall victim to boredom trades. You know what boredom trades is? Boredom trades is when the market is not setting up really nicely or the way that it should be setting up or the way that you think it's setting up, but in reality, it's not actually setting up that way.And you try to take a trade because you're hunting for a play rather than letting a trade to come to you. I'm sure you have done this in the past, right? You know market's choppy and you're just settling for something less. And you're expecting to make a lot of money on days when you know market is not fucking enough trendy and you fall victim to the boredom trades, which make you lose a lot of fucking money, right? Now, these type of trades are one of the quickest way to give back your profits or slowly just lose everything that you have.Boredom trades literally mean when the market is not setting up, but you want to think it's setting up and you trade in a way that you're like, oh my God, it's setting up. Yeah, it's actually setting up. It's not that bad.What you're going to do over time is literally lose all the money. Plus, your confidence get hurt. Remember the CCC framework that we went over? Your confidence get hurt.
Your chain gets hurt. Your consistency get hurt. And what happens? You start going down.What's our goal? Trade A plus setups. What happens when you trade A plus setups? Your confidence goes up. Your consistency goes up.Your chain of profits go up. What happens? This arrow turns around, goes up. All right.Now, a winning position is not your most important position. Literally get a tattoo of this on your fucking forehead if you want to. All right.A winning position is not the most important position in day trading. I promise you this. Cash is king.Protect it. Protect it with all your might. All right.Because literally, write this down. Cash is a position. It is a big position that you, you, you, you, you fucking need to put this in your head.All right. Cash is a position. You got this. Keep going. Keep pushing. I'm proud of you.All right. As long as you understand this, I'm proud of you. If you don't, thank you for being a part of the market because you'll be only part-time.You'll never be able to become full-time. Does it make sense? You sure? All right. Sweet. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.
cmv0dvcn3vqc72r1d8qgAll right, what is going on welcome back to another video in this video we're gonna go over trading psychology now trading psychology again It's your fucking brain here this thing right here that sits in this fucking between your ears Called brain It fucks up with your brain If you have a beautiful trading psychology, you'll be able to make money if you have a fucked up trading psychology I mean if you don't understand your brain if you don't say your like Period if you do not understand yourself, how do you expect? To literally make any money be a trading or be in life That people don't understand themselves This is like a big reason why a lot of motherfuckers like end up being just a guest in the market Now a little introduction to the trading psychology. All right A simple step. This is one of the simple step that can help you literally trade Number one the first most important thing if you want to trade with clear mind, you need to do this All right, sit down right now You need to eliminate your liabilities sit down right now Okay, make it literally grab a paper.Okay, grab a piece of paper on one side write a on other sides write l Anything that you have in your life that do not make you money goes in liabilities for example The 15 fucking netflix that you pay is a liability. You'll be like, yeah, it's only 15 It's not about 15. It's about time that it fucking consumes Huh? It's not about fucking tv cost thousand dollars.It's not about the tv, but It's about the freaking things that you need in order to run the tv netflix What else you need? What else is there fucking netflix amazon prime or what else whatever is there right All that 15 15 15 15 and then time on top of that god damn right Crazy insane freaking stupid now car payments your mortgage your credit card or any Like anything man or just trading with the money that you you know if you lose it will fuck up your Fuck up your life Or this is the money that you're going to use to pay off the fucking bills It's all fucked up. It's all liabilities. What are your assets things that make you money? Your laptop, maybe if you work, um, nine to five your laptop, maybe makes you money what else Write down everything Okay Try to get rid of some that 15 dollar thing.Can you get rid of it? Maybe you can but your wife will fucking yell at you or your husband will yell at you. All right, no problem It is what it is. Don't watch don't waste the time Um, if you want to watch watch one day a week, right? So it's all about freaking Kind of systemizing because if you eliminate your liabilities, man, you'll be able to literally trade well Because you do not have like it will give you a clear mind Okay, because right now all the burden of all the other things that you fucking want to do All the other things that you have going on right now.Um the stuff that fucking you know, okay I do not need a 40 000 fucking car to go to go back and off to work And the car payments are fucking four dollars a month or five dollars a month It's too much like I shouldn't be doing it. I sell the motherfucking car instead of paying 400 Bro, buy a car for 5k once Think about it Now that's a pretty much an asset rather than a liability because it gets you to from and to places And it helps you fucking make money now You might be like, how does it help you make money takes you from do your job and back home? But this
400 a month pretty much is wrecking yourself now Don't you think it would be easy to trade if you lighten these type of financial pressure? If you want to trade smartly man, the first thing that we need to do is fix up your brain How can we fix up the brain by literally? Understanding trading psychology why it gets affected it gets affected because the big liabilities your brain gets affected because the big liabilities once you kind Of put put it away Put it down Bro, it's best it's one of the best things you can do for yourself And you'll be able to trade better and your net worth will grow All right There's a little introduction to trading psychology and I hope you had a freaking drink Like you said before the last video finished So now you already had a drink you're fresh. Let's jump to the next fucking video and keep the momentum up.Let's fucking go
cmv0dvkhnk6s72th265gAll right, you're back here again welcome to Another video in this video. We're gonna go over how to hold your positions for bigger profits Okay, because at the end of the day fam if you are able to pick a trade But you're not able to let your trade run There is something big time wrong You see what i'm saying? Picking a trade is one thing letting a trade run is another totally different things Now, what do we need to do in order to actually let the trade run Let's go with this All right This isn't something first things first man. This is this is really important to understand This is not something that can happen overnight.There's not something you can expect to happen. Oh shit It should be today It doesn't work like this Okay, you're gonna take some time. You just can't read a book and expect to see results straight away after you finish Like there's no book about this.All right This stuff takes some time being able to manage your positions for five to six figure gains Take months to years of practice years years years. I promise you now, for example, if I let's say out of Somebody somebody that you know an inexperienced trader doesn't know how to trade or knows a little bit how to trade but Inexperienced I give him a million one million dollars. Do you think he or she will be able to manage this money? Do you think he will be able to grow the money to two million in long like say three years or do you think? He will blow the money.Maybe it's too much money to blow but maybe he'll be able to blow the money Would you give your million dollars to this inexperienced trader? Yes or no Of course Dan says no They would continue to trade with the same You know why because they will continue to trade with the same flawed strategy of theirs And meant like literally the same shitty mentality and most likely lose a majority of their money or my money There's no secret formula to be able to Take your trade from five to six figure gains. You just have to expose yourself To thousands of trades and extract value from each trade. This is literally it now after months to years of building experience, you will start how much like literally easier it is to Make large money um from your trades Then make your way into your account like it's it becomes more easier I'll tell you why okay Your account size will grow along with your gold and it will take less of your total account size to make the bigger gains Now i'll tell you why it becomes easier All right.Look at me for a minute So what basically happened is when you're trading? All right You make the mistake of not letting your runners run so much that you every time you're like man If I would have only held this trade I would be up another 2000 If you do that for like extended period of time the pain of not holding a trade Will be so huge that you your brain will not want to go through the pain So what will happen is you will start becoming normal with having one or two runners running Because you do not want to go through the pain of not being able to catch a big move So you will start becoming comfortable with one or two trades running At a break-even stop loss rather than going through the phase of literally the whole phase where you're like Only if I would have had more runners only if I would have held the runners You see
what i'm saying the pain of you not holding the runners will become so enormous so gigantic That you yourself will be like bro. You know what? I'm gonna hold one or two contracts. That's the right thing to do.I'll do this. No problem. It's okay I I know what i'm doing because I don't want to go through that pain Of not holding your trade and then this trade looking back at me and laughing if I can say a month literally Um an hour from now or two hours from now You get my point? So it becomes easier moving forward.Did I make the mistake of literally selling early back in the day? Of course Do I do it now? No, why because I know the pain of not letting my runners run is way more than me heading Literally having my stop loss getting triggered as a break-even on this trade. So Letting the trade run is way more easier than having not being in the trade. So I let my trade run Does it make sense? I hope it does All right Keep going.Keep pushing the next video. We're going to go and talk about when you get off the track How do you get back to it? All right, you're going to be fine. So i'll see you in the next one Peace look out for yourself.Goodbye
cna4ua3aki4c72uhjj70Alright, welcome back to another video. Now this video is going to be very very small, so if you want to go grab a drink after this video, maybe it's a good idea. Alright, go grab a drink, chill, take it easy, then you start the next one.Now in this video we're going to talk about volume and price action. What do you mean by volume? What do you mean by price action? What are the things that we need to be careful about? How can we watch stock with the thrust, depth, the candlestick ranges? How can we watch it and know that okay, this is based on volume, this actually makes sense, this momentum or not. Alright, let's put everything together that we've learned so far.So volume and price action. Now I can go over the theoretical version, but at the end of the day there's no much fun when we're going over the theoretical version, because you know it's mostly a visual concept, so I'll just explain by giving you a couple examples. After this we'll talk about a lot of examples moving forward, but for now, let's take this.Now, let's go over the weak momentum first, okay. How do you know that this is a weak momentum? Do you want me to go over? Alright, so what's happening here is, like whatever, right, early morning, there's a five minute chart, ten minute chart, I think, whatever. Anyway, I want you to see this.Price is pushing up, candlesticks are becoming bigger and bigger, which is nice. Candlesticks are pushing, which is nice. It broke out of the previous high of the day with a lot of volume, which is nice, right.And then we had a pullback, less volume, which is nice, right. Next one, less volume, which is again nice. Then we had a patient scandal, less volume, which is still good.Now, I want you to pay attention to this very, very closely. Say you entered here. Say you entered here.You are in the trade. We care about momentum. You saw the momentum, you took the trade. Now the stop loss is here. Stop loss didn't get triggered. Profit target's here.It worked, but how long it took? So you entered, even if you're down 5% and the trade hasn't worked yet, man, and it's a 10 minute chart, it's weak. This is weak. One candlestick after the other, volume dropping so much.The green candlesticks have no volume. Of course, afternoon volume drops, but this drop is freaking insane, right. So I just want you to see, okay, stop loss hasn't been triggered.Profit target's here, but are you willing to sit there for two hours for your stock price to hit and you make in 5% or 10% or 15% or 20% or you want to make 20% on a day when you got in and
it just freaking skyrocketed. I'd rather do that. I'd rather lose 10% now.No problem. Knowing that, yeah, man, it's just taken too long. Because if the momentum was strong in the real time, the momentum was strong, this candlestick would not look like this.Patience cannot break. This candlestick won't look like this. The next candlestick won't look like this.This candlestick won't look like this. It will pick up the volume. At least the volume would pick up.At least here, the volume, green candle on the red candle, significantly smaller. The next green candle, it's even smaller. And like, you're sitting in a trade, you're like, man, do you rather want to make 20% gains in a minute or two hours? I'll choose a minute every single day of my life.Why? It's just mental capital, man. This right here, the stuff that's sitting right here can only make so many decisions in a day. And you choosing it, making a decision to sit in the trade, which is taking forever to freaking work.Yeah, of course, it can work. But hey, you want to pick something with a lot of momentum. Three things.You want to pick something with a lot of volume that has a lot of volume, which has the cleanest trend and which has the most aggressive buying pressure. Do you see aggressive buying pressure here? I do not. Right.So what do we do here? We make a conscious decision to just jump out. Like, man, it's taking too long. I'm down 5%.I'm down 10% on my $500 position size, $1000 position size. I'm happy to take a $100 loss now. No problem.Then just sitting there. Let me just go out then and, you know, go get my car washed or go spend some time with my kids while I'm at home or get some work done or clean my, you know, clean the house or whatever. That will pay you mentally more than this.That's a weak momentum. If you were strong, the moment you entered or the moment the patient scandal fucking we had and it would work straight away. That's a characteristic of strong momentum.Right? Quick move in a small period. Does it make sense? Remember what we discussed? Quick move in a small period. That's what we want.Right? Now, what's the characteristic of strong momentum? We had a decent move here. Pullback, patient scandal. Sweet.
So we entered. This is a stop loss. We entered.You know, if this is a profit taken, whatever. It worked. The moment you jump in, it works. The red candle has significantly less volume. Yes. The trend broke.This is the downtrend picking up in the pre-market. The trend broke and we started an uptrend. You waited for your entry.It worked and it's moving straight away. Then it gives you another entry. Boom.Boom. I want you to pay attention to one more thing here. And that is, let me get rid of these drawings.We have right here. Move. This is the depth.All right. This is a thrust of the previous. This is a thrust. This is a thrust. All right. This is the depth.It made a bigger move to this increased thrust. It decreased pullback and decreased depth. See this? Bigger move, right? Decreased pullback.That, my friend, is a characteristic. And the candlesticks are volume. Candlesticks are becoming bigger and bigger.That is called. Now, of course, like as we go later in the day, the volume is going to drop. We only compare it to the previous candle.But this is called strong momentum. The moment you jump into a trade, the trade worked. The moment you jump into a trade, trade works.We have, we see higher, higher highs and smaller pullbacks. That's called strong momentum, right? Does it make sense? Yes. All right.Now, maybe it's only a small video, seven, eight minute video. Maybe it's a good idea to go and rewatch this video. All right.I'll go to your charts and actually try to look at this thrust. Try to look at this depth. Try to look at the candlesticks.Try to look at this. All right. It'll make sense.I promise you will. All right. In the next video, we'll talk about four rules of price action and volume.That video is going to be small as well. But please go get a drink. I'm gonna go get a coffee as well.
You go get a coffee and we both see each other in a minute. All right. In two minutes, five minutes, 10 minutes, whatever.All right. Please do not binge watch. This is not Netflix, man.Don't binge watch. Don't sit there and be like, oh, let me hustle. You can't hustle your way to richness.That's not how it works. You can't hustle your way to wealth. You're going to use this to build wealth.So do one or two videos, three videos, go get a drink. Take it easy. All right. I'll see you in the next one.
cna4ua41u0rc72pu6100Alright, what is going on? In this video, we're going to go over the characteristics of weak momentum price action. Alright, in the previous video, we discussed the strong momentum price action. Now, we're going to discuss weak momentum price action.Alright, now, write this. In the previous one, we looked at this one, right? So, what's happening? It's getting bigger and bigger. Just think of that we're continuing like this current example that I'm going to give you about weak momentum.This is the top of the previous step. After this, if you see the weak momentum, that means it's a good idea to jump out. Alright, so this is the previous same candle that we had a lot of momentum.The next candle becomes a little bit smaller. The next candle becomes a little bit smaller, then even smaller, then even smaller. So, momentum was very strong.Remember the previous example, momentum was very strong. Volume's decent. The next one, volume's dropping.So, overall, the volume started dropping, the candle started becoming smaller and smaller, the momentum is decreasing. That is the characteristic of a weak momentum. If the candlesticks become smaller and smaller and the volume drops, it's weak.Now, if the candlestick stays the same size, the volume drops, maybe it's just because of the time, you know, you might be trading later in the day. But compare it with the previous candle. The red candle has more volume and the green candle has less volume.Momentum is decreasing. Does it make sense? Now, let's look at thrust of this. There will be a decrease in thrust with this, right? Now, shortening of thrust is a sign of potential trend weakness.Potential is the keyword. It can still go. This is not perfect.It can still keep going higher and higher and higher. But if we see the thrust getting smaller, that means every time it makes a move, it's making, like when it makes a new high, it doesn't push that high. Make sense? Like it makes a new high, it doesn't push that high.You know what that means? That means the thrust is getting smaller, momentum is decreasing. At the same time, there's increase in depth. That means the pullbacks are getting a little bit more steeper and a little bit more bigger.Increased depth is a sign of potential trend weakness. Now, depth pullbacks refers to the difference with which price retraces the previous up move or impulse move, right? So, this highs, this is a pullback, the depth. Previous one, previous one, previous one.
If the depth keeps increasing, we have weak momentum, okay? But what was the case in the other one? This was the depth was decreasing and the momentum strong. But in this case, the depth is increasing, the momentum is weak. Make sense? Now, some more observations that I have for you is, if we get small or narrow range candle, the momentum is decreasing.Now, one candle doesn't mean shit, but if you have two or three candles continuously getting there, yes, momentum is decreasing. We have decreasing thrust. That means every time it makes a new high, it actually is not able to go like visually that high than the previous one, right? Depth will start increasing, that means stocks getting weaker.Now, this is a good perfect spot for us to exit the trades, all right? This is not perfect, but it will protect you from losing money over long haul, all right? So, the three scenarios were for the strong momentum and the weak momentum. Strong momentum, candlesticks get bigger and bigger. Weak momentum, candlestick becomes smaller and smaller, right? That's the first one.Strong momentum, we have increase in thrust. Every time it makes a new high, it gets bigger and bigger, it goes even further. But with this one, we have small moves towards the upside, momentum slowing down, right? We have decrease in depth here.Depth simply would be like, the depth is decreasing because the momentum is strong, the sellers are not able to take control because it's always the sellers that's pushing the price down. Think about this. It's always the sellers that's pushing the price down.Sellers are able to take control of a lot. Make sense? But in this case, we want to see the depth. If it's weak, the depth will get bigger.You see what I'm saying? These are the three things, candlesticks, thrust, depth. You understand this? You will understand momentum in trading. It's just that simple.Now, you see the difference between strong and weak? Most of the time what happens is when we are up here, that's where we will start seeing a little bit of signs of weakness and the thrust will become smaller, depth will become bigger, and the trade reverses. This becomes a form of, this is called form of phase. The trade reverses.Make sense? So wait, if it doesn't make sense, please re-watch this video. It will make sense, all right? And if it still doesn't make sense, please ask me a question in the discord. You got this, all right? I'll see you soon.Goodbye.
cna4uafi3goc72viv9tgAll right, what is going on welcome back to another video and this video we're gonna go over four rules of volume and price section I Get ready to take screenshots. It's gonna be a very small video get ready to take screenshots You're gonna enjoy this Man Keeping real. All right.I'm Just in love with Look at my cat Try and get behind the blinds Man No, no crazy sort of shit Should open the blinds for her Should I? Yeah, I think so I'm just a nice person. You see them time. I Open the blindfold and she's right there.Her name's Jazzy like Jazzy jazz Jazzy She's a good cat. She's a good cat Yeah, okay anywhere keep it real, all right, I Remember the time when I was on the other side of the video and I'm making this video I was remember I remember the time when I was on the other side of the video there you watching It's a fucking tough journey. It's a fucking shit journey But once you kind of get there you fall in love with the journey you fall in love with the Crappiness that comes with it.You fall in love with It treating you like shit You just you just start loving it because It makes you money Moving forward you're gonna get rich from this It it's just crazy to me that This is this is what always blows my mind away people will watch a Show that they find boring That their friend said it gets better. So you find one or two episodes of a show But your friend says or pro it gets better and you watch it Just because it gets better But people quit in trading when people like me Who came from nothing are literally telling them that it gets better So you rather? Watch a show which your friend says it gets better But you not improve your life Because your coach your mentor as a mentor as a coach. I'm telling you it gets better.The journey gets better Just keeps rewarding fucking rewards a lot crazy Keep going Keeping you keep doing this. All right, let's get to it. So four rules of volume and power section The first first first very simple rule is if the volume is going up price is going up it's a strong uptrend, okay literally strong Uptrend Take a screenshot price is going up volume is going up strong uptrend if the price is coming down volume is going up.It's a Strong downtrend I why momentum is picking up towards the downside right The third one we have price going up volume going down It is a weak uptrend But but I'm not saying go short it is showing you Signs it's showing you signs. It's not for sure Showing you signs of reversal. We still gotta pay attention to the price action Like what you know, what happens with the next red candle and volume picks up all the stuff like that But showing you the sign of reversal And the last one price coming down volumes coming down as well.It's a weak downtrend or it's showing you sign of Reversal We can see a reversal here, right Now couple of things that I've learned after doing this for years First one the most important thing is to identify which stock has the most nicest momentum at first place. That's the most important thing All right So the first most important thing is to identify Which of your stocks are
you watching is the nicest momentum that you can see at first place? Now you need to confirm this using volume volumes their Prices pushing up the thesis gonna be confirmed, right? That's the first thing Second is volume stocks that are moving up with strong momentum will always have more than average volume Just law. It's just the law of nature pretty much the stocks that have that are moving with nice strong momentum They will always have more than average volume All right, what's average volume now average volume is simply the volume at the bottom of your this On the bottom of your chart right here See this this yellow line Literally the volume input go input set 10 style yellow Visibility keep this done this setting.All right More than average volume. This is the average line more than average volume Okay, that's simple Stocks that have that are moving with strong momentum will always have more than average volume stocks that are moving with weak momentum will have Less than average volume Okay that is For tricks that I've learned They have changed the game for me. This is kind of a one but three or four, right? Most important thing is you need to identify from the stocks are you watching which one is the most solid momentum? Oh you picked up on the trend you picked up Volume there.Yeah, sweet sweet. Okay has more than average volume. All right, I'm gonna wait for a pullback on this one You can I pull back you got a patient scandal you jump in you hold the fucking move to the next bigger move That's called money-making All right You got this You getting it.Let's go. Now. We next video.We're gonna go over how to actually find momentum Where do you find momentum? Stock selection, where do you find momentum? That's right. I love it
cna4uajaki4c72uhjj7gAlright, what is going on? In this video, we're going to talk about where do you actually find momentum, right? Because so far we discussed, you know, all sort of stuff when it comes to what is momentum, what is momentum trading, some examples on the charts, how to identify stocks with momentum, price action momentum, characteristics of stock, strong momentum, price action, characteristics of weak momentum, price action. We discussed volume and price action, we discussed four rules that goes with volume and price action. But now, where do you find momentum? What's that stock selection process look like in order to catch this, right? So let's go over it.It's going to be fun. Alright, now look out when stocks break out of a key daily, like keep writing this down. Look out when stocks break out of a key daily or hourly level with a lot of volume.It might be start of a strong momentum for the upside on a daily chart, which means the five- minute chart will push up as well. Okay, look out when the stocks break down of a key level on a hourly or daily or hourly level with a lot of volume. It might be a strong start for a momentum towards the downside, right? We usually get a nice bounce and nice momentum around the Fibonacci retracement levels, right? We usually like if there's a 0.236 level approaching, stocks can bounce heavy, okay? From my experience, bigger the confluence, bigger the momentum can be for the stock, right? If there's Fibonacci there, two in the moving average there, VWAP there, there's ATMA there, and then you take, and there's also hourly level there, daily level there, and then you're taking a trade over there, the momentum can be huge.I have a friend, I have a good friend of mine who trades, and he makes a decent amount of money as well from trading. When I say decent, like never has to work for any other man again with the skill. He only trades confluences.He doesn't take a trade otherwise. If there's two or three reasons for him, more than two or three reasons for him to jump into a trade, he jumps into a trade. Same, patience handles, and he makes a lot of money, right? So, bigger the confluence, bigger the momentum can be for the stock, all right? Now, news can lead to momentum as well, such as earnings, big contracting, interest rates, et cetera, et cetera, all right? News, big news comes in, boom, prices can push as well.So, where do you find momentum? When stocks break out of a key daily level or hourly level with a lot of volume around Fibonacci, around indicators, like two in the moving average on a daily chart, two in the moving average on a hourly chart. Basically, bigger the confluence, bigger the move, bigger the momentum can be for the upside. News can also lead to this as well, like FOMC news came out and the strong momentum on SPI, earnings, big contract, like big contract example would be like, let's say if you own a bakery and with dominoes, you get a deal with dominoes for next 10 years that you're going to provide them bread, right? Just think of it as an example.
That means in next 10 years, your bakery is going to make a lot of money. That's a big contract for you. That means your stock price is going to go up, right? Now, stock selection is everything.Everything. Like you're only as good as the stocks you select to trade. You see what I'm saying? Now, when I say stock selection is everything, you don't really want to trade a stock which do not have momentum as it will lead to failed trends and eventually bigger losses.Like, why trade something that you know it doesn't have enough juice behind it? You don't really want to trade a stock which do not have enough momentum. It's not how we trade, right? Now, every 15 to 20 minutes into the market, it's a good plan to eliminate stocks. We use law of inversion here.All right? So rather than looking for what's most trendy and have most momentum, try to eliminate stocks which are not trendy. Oh, this is not trendy. I'm not watching this.I'm not watching this. I'm not watching this. Eliminate stocks which are because your eyes can easily spot when something is not doing what you want to do.That's why you can easily spot mistakes in other people. Your eyes can easily spot mistakes. Oh, this is not trendy.Get rid of it. Oh, this is not choppy. Oh, this is very choppy.Get rid of it. Eliminate stocks which are not relatively stronger or weaker than the market. One quick rule of thumb, if SPY is above open price, QQQ is above open price, trading above open price, but if any stock is trading below open price, that's relatively weak in the market.If it's trading above open price, it's kind of following the market straight away. See what I'm saying? If it's like SPY is up, say, 1%, the stock is up 1%, it's following the market. Like, you want to see something which is strong or weak, not something which is like following the market.Because if it's following the market, that means if SPY pulled back for some reason, the stock going to pull back too, big. See what I'm saying? That's why you only want to trade something which is relatively strong or relatively weaker. Another couple of points is you need to wait for some critical level to break before, like, here's the thing, man.If the critical level is not breaking, there's literally no point for you looking for momentum. Wait for some level to break before even looking for momentum. Look out for increase in thrust or decrease in depth.Increase in thrust, decrease in depth, sign of strong momentum. Good volume and candle expansion in the direction of the trend. We want to pay attention to this.We want to see good volume. Candles are getting bigger and bigger in direction of our trend. Low volume on the pullback important.
No big critical level to the top if you're looking for trade towards the upside. For example, if everything looks good and you're looking for an entry roughly around here and SPY 500 level is sitting right at the top, maybe a little bit closer. Maybe it's not a good idea to jump in.Why? Because 500 can be a reason why stocks pushes down. So no big critical level that you want to see it sitting at the top or bottom if you're trading the downside. Does it make sense? Right.I'll go over this slide one more time. So wait for some critical level to break. If it's a critical level breaking, it can pick up momentum.Look out for increase in thrust. Okay. Wait for some critical level to break.Look out for increase in thrust, decrease in depth. Good volume and candle expansion. Low volume on pullback candles.No big critical level sitting at the top or bottom. All right. These are the very important points. You got it. Sweet. Doing well.You see, I'm just getting straight to the point. Next video, we're just going to talk about some charts and you're going to be fine. All right.Keep pushing. Keep going. I'm proud of you. Let's go. You're doing well. Come on.Come on. You beautiful motherfucker. You're doing well. Let's go.
cna4uak1u0rc72pu610gAll right, what is going on welcome back to another video in this video we're gonna go over the charts We're gonna put everything together that we have discussed so far in this one video Okay, you're gonna be fun. We will look at probably roughly around 10 different charts. Okay, 10 different charts is plenty And it will make so much sense So wait, let's get to it.Let's go All right, the first One is right here tesla tesla when she broke 750 level and it gave us a patient scandal right here Picked up momentum. Now. There was a lot of reasons for us to jump in.There was an atma there There was um, there was an atma. There is a low volume. Look at this how low volume 750 broke with a lot of volume then it's pulling back.Now, of course the only Not so good thing about it is doing a movie that we're sitting right at the top Right you jump it into a trade right here doing a moving average sitting right at the top Could be a reason for you. Oh my god, let it break 200 I'll jump in when they are new highs of the day make i'll i'll jump in one contract here If it breaks two on a moving average closes above comes back retest i'll add another one Um, but that's how you kind of adjust yourself. All right, but it picks up momentum How do we know it picked up momentum right here? It picked up momentum because the candle started becoming bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger with a lot of volume It makes sense a lot of volume started coming and that simply tells us Momentum is picking up but what's happening right at the top.Look at this a new high was made New high was made but the volume the candle looked like ugly can look bearish. They like it got rejected right there Momentum done. That's it.Momentum's over for now 11 o'clock This is when we jump into 10 minute chart. Anyway, if it gives you another entry sweet But for now, this is the move look at this move 750 to all the way to 764 That's a 14 dollar move That pays a lot a lot a lot a lot Make sense momentum Let a critical level break Retested gave you a patient scandal right what you wanted to see with low volume Picked up The trend kept going bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and you can stay in the trade You entered here there's no reason for you to sell Momentum picking up volumes picking up. Everything's good.Everything looking sweet Up until this weird candle that you see you're like, all right done make sense All right. Now next one Sq after she gave up pre-market low momentum picked up. Look at this.This is a pre-market low the moment it broke What happened the volume kept going up? It fell Now you might be like where would be my entry You're confusing yourself. I just want you to spot the momentum because after 11 o'clock We would be watching 10 minute chart. Anyway, this is a five minute chart example So just pay attention to this right now.
It went from literally 247 pre-market low break down low 238 Right now am I saying that you have to catch the whole move? No i'm saying Even if you enter here after you know momentum is there Trend is there momentum picked up. This is a beautiful patience candle you catching a move from here to this point Just this this is a station a this is station d You want to catch a move from station b to station c And this is the move and you catch this move from 245 down to 240 They're probably roughly gonna pay you about 50 percent or 70 percent of the trade 50 percent or 70 percent depending on what strike price you did of a thousand dollars. It's four five hundred dollars a day If you do that every single day, that's a hundred thousand dollars a year if you already make it fifty thousand a year job That's twice what you make now from trading Make sense another one Weak momentum example now what's happening here? Look at this the first one what's happening here? Trend picked up right trend picked up Got rejected no patient scandal yet.No patient scandal yet. No patient scandal yet. No patient scandal yet Give you a patient scandal here Would you take this trade it made a huge pullback If you want remember the example go half You want to take a trade roughly just go half take a trade.All right This is a reward. There's a risk You can take a trade sweet. No problem Let the momentum pick up Again, let the half the day break.Let's see some sort of reason for you to jump in Make sense. Look at this You might be like here. Oh, they're so nice.It's so nice and the right candle gave you so much volume Look at this candle gave you so much volume. What is that telling you? Momentum's dead Why was sellers able to take control so bad? It's such a weird candle with so much volume Let's say I wouldn't be comfortable entering here The reason why so much volume? Why Hence it went down now it made a new highs. This is a previous high It made a new high on these candles, but the volume Was even less than these previous candles See this it made a new high The volume is even less That's example of weak momentum in the upcoming modules in the reversal modules.You'll be able to catch this as well But for now, that's where you if you are in a trade this is a good spot to exit Make sense Now another one spy strong momentum turned weak. Now, this is spy on a five minute chart spy This is a strong push up pull back gives you entry you took the trade sweet But now here This is where we are right crazy amount of volume look at this crazy amount of volume sweet but then These red candles have more volume than what something looks off right something looks off here Huh, what's going on? Look at this It's trying to make every single time volumes dropping the red candles The green candles are not able to pick up more volume than the red ones It just looks a little bit off then the red candle happened to give you even more volume right here Something looks off if you are in a trade like this, you see this stuff happening This volume happening this means by strong momentum is turning weak why let's understand the why What is this if you have to name this this is accumulation Accumulation What's this? This is public phase this pullback. This is this is station a this is
station b This is station c where you're gonna exit station d is what it can go to we do not care So this is public phase gives you entry sweet you're in the trade.This is public phase because the volume is there sweet public phase Then volume dropped significantly on the green candles comparatively to the previous candles volume dropped Huh? What is this a formal phase? The upcoming modules you'll be able to catch this move towards the downside but for now Good spot to exit why because every what whatever's everybody doing you're going to do the opposite to make money We're going to do the exact opposite Right. This is strong momentum turned weak Make sense now Weak momentum on spy rather the market open now. It's an uptrend.Look at this Higher highs higher highs higher highs higher highs higher highs everything good Sweet then what happened all of a sudden we see this No, first candle will have always have decent volume, right? Next candle sweet the volume usually drops if you look at the chart usually drops after the first five minute candle. Yes But then this red candle happened and they had more volume than the previous green one What's happening here why because sellers To control The weak momentum now the uptrend is gone or if the uptrend is there the momentum is not strong Does that mean look for downside? No The uptrend is gone now. It's gone Pew, all right look at this what happened you stay choppy whole day Make sense let's look at spy perfect example.There's a trend line running across whatever whatever whatever five minute chart, um, we have Whatever happening here trend line broke out sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet No problem, but I want you to pay attention to if you're on a two minute chart Definitely will give us some sort of entry. But anyway, I just want you to pay attention to the momentum right now, right? What's happening? The candlesticks are getting bigger and bigger. Look at this.They're getting wider, right? But all of a sudden we saw something right here Look at this We're trying to make new eyes the volume started dropping right The volumes drop it. Now, what does that mean? You know what that means? That means momentum Slowing down The candlesticks have become smaller and smaller Momentum slowing down, right? Yo Thrust is big thrust gets smaller Depth gets bigger. Look at this depth gets bigger Depth gets bigger you want to take a trade go for it Half Now it's making sense, isn't it? right Don't look at the charts like oh, but where would I enter? That's not the point right now Point is momentum.You can easily spot momentum. Just looking at the charts right Another one what's happening here momentum picking up Look at this trend volume picking up like volume. This is more than average Comparatively the previous one sweet then the red candles significantly small volume beautiful patient scandal entry patient scandal entry another patient scandal entry and then We had it make new lows Look at this.It made new lows right here the volume dropped Significantly the volume was not able to make new at least same or even a little bit more than average What happened? Pay attention closely We had weak momentum Oh, very very weak momentum Sweet give us entry give us entry give
us entry and then low of the day happened A new low happened The volume is not able to exceed even the previous candle shit formal phase This is for more smart money is gonna trap all these formal people you pay attention you watch What happened stock reversed or it stayed choppy it's making sense So you caught this once twice three then you saw this you take profits Sometimes you will be wrong. Don't take profits of the whole thing take 70% off It makes sense another one what's happening here do this Price going down We had a green candle significantly smaller volume than the previous one. No stress red candle.Yeah, no stress Here here here, whatever then stock reversed sweet. Now, we clearly know we start an uptrend right Now does that mean we jump into a trade anywhere? No If you're in puts let's say you were waiting for as this is a patient scandal right you entered here You're gonna get out of your stop-loss. No strategy in the world is going to be perfect You get out of your stop-loss.No problem. No stress Because if you stayed in the momentum picked up towards the upside you are going to get punished Like here there was no entry for us There's no patient scandal this whole move from 104 all the way to 108 didn't give us any entry Should should you be upset? No, it's okay. It is what it is.We didn't get an entry What can you do about it? Nothing? But if you do not get out of your short position When you jumped in and you're like, oh, let me see. Please god, please god just this last time I will never make this stupid mistake again You're fucked you're fucked bad Because then you where you're gonna get out Here here here, but you're down about 80 To 99 now That makes you lose confidence so which one rather lose 200 still have money to trade or rather lose um, say two thousand 200 Every day, no problem 2k fuck no, I don't want to lose 2k. No Make sense make sense.Yes Sweet, this is a perfect example of getting out you get out of your stop-loss If your stop-loss gets triggered you get out no stress. No problem. It is what it is.It happens trading but the moment you get caught up with your Trade the moment you get married to your trade the moment you start having emotions with your trade the moment you start Feeling attached to your trade the moment you feel Thinking are you the smartest dude on the planet? You're gonna get smacked All right It is what it is. We accept if you're wrong shit happens Make sense Sweet with that being said We looked at some charts you understand momentum now, please do not go away just stay here watch the next video And then go to your charts. I don't start the next module yet.Go to your charts All right, go to trading view And watch just just look go to the replay feature. Just just sit there and practice Practice practice practice practice. You're gonna make you better practice does not make you perfect practice makes you better And over time you become so better that you're close to perfect, but never gonna be perfect.You're always learning Make sense sweet Next video i'll see you in about A minute from now. All
right next video is going to be small. So let's go. I'm so proud of you
cna4uaqm5scs72ss9m10 (1)Alright fam, what is going on? We covered a lot of ground with these few videos. Like what? 11, 12 videos. And on the 12th video in this module, we have covered a lot of ground.We covered a lot. Like, and you still, man, take your arm out. Pat, let's go Pat.You should be proud of yourself, right? Let's go. I'm proud of you. Are you proud of yourself? You should be.Alright, keep going, keep pushing. Now, what did we cover? Let's do a quick little recap. Now, we went over what is momentum, right? We went over what's momentum, you know the mosquito thing that I explained.The mass, velocity, we went over this. The mass being the oil tanker, velocity being the bullet, right? We went over this. And then, what is momentum in trading? We went over this in detail.What is momentum in trading again? Buy, high, sell, higher. Remember? Yes. Alright, what was the other one? Train leave from station A goes to D. B and C is the stop.We care about B and C. We gave you some chart examples. Remember the charts that I drew? We broke some stuff down and I went over that. If the market is here, relatively strong or relatively weak is where the money is, right? How to identify stocks with momentum? We spoke about that in detail.We're going to go one candle at a time. We're going to pay attention to the candlesticks, right? And then, we went over some price action momentum. Remember that? Bar-by-bar analysis of the example that I gave you.And then, we went over characteristics of strong momentum price action. What is it? Candlesticks getting bigger and bigger. Thrust getting bigger and bigger.Depth decreasing, right? Some characteristics of weak momentum price action. Candlesticks becoming smaller and smaller. Thrust becoming smaller and smaller.Depth becoming bigger and bigger. Remember that? Then, we went over volume and price action, right? Do you remember that? I gave you a couple examples of stocks. We went over this strong momentum, weak momentum.Then, we went over four rules of volume and price action. What are the four rules? Strong volume, big trend, strong volume, sweet. Big trend, less volume or volume dropping, be careful.If the stock's falling, volume's going up, sweet. If the stock's falling, volume's going down, be careful. Remember? Then, where do we find momentum? How do you find the stocks? Over
there, key levels.If a key level is breaking, yes. What else? Indicators. If there's any indicators, if there's any Fibonacci's, more the confluence, better it is.Remember that? And then, we went over like about 10 charts, right? We did a lot of, we covered a lot of grounds. Maybe, it's a good idea to re-watch this whole module, to be honest. It wouldn't hurt, right? Before you start the next one, re-watch this whole module, all right? You're doing well.I'm so proud of you, all right? Go grab a drink. Get a drink, chill, relax. Don't start the next module today.Relax, all right? Let's freaking go.
cna4uaqm5scs72ss9m10Alright fam, what is going on? We covered a lot of ground with these few videos. Like what? 11, 12 videos. And on the 12th video in this module, we have covered a lot of ground.We covered a lot. Like, and you still, man, take your arm out. Pat, let's go Pat.You should be proud of yourself, right? Let's go. I'm proud of you. Are you proud of yourself? You should be.Alright, keep going, keep pushing. Now, what did we cover? Let's do a quick little recap. Now, we went over what is momentum, right? We went over what's momentum, you know the mosquito thing that I explained? The mass, velocity, we went over this.The mass being the oil tanker, velocity being the bullet, right? We went over this. And then, what is momentum in trading? We went over this in detail. What is momentum in trading again? Buy, high, sell, higher.Remember? Yes. Alright, what was the other one? Train leaves from station A, goes to D, B and C is the stop. We care about B and C. We gave you some chart examples.Remember the charts that I drew? We broke some stuff down and I went over that. If the market is here, relatively strong or relatively weak is where the money is, right? How to identify stocks with momentum? We spoke about that in detail. We're going to go one candle at a time.We're going to pay attention to the candlesticks, right? And then, we went over some price action momentum. Remember that? Bar-by-bar analysis of the example that I gave you. And then, we went over characteristics of strong momentum price action.What is it? Candlesticks getting bigger and bigger. Thrust getting bigger and bigger. Depth decreasing, right? Some characteristics of weak momentum price action.Candlesticks becoming smaller and smaller. Thrust becoming smaller and smaller. Depth becoming bigger and bigger.Remember that? Then, we went over volume and price action, right? Do you remember that? I gave you a couple examples of stocks. We went over this strong momentum, weak momentum. Then, we went over four rules of volume and price action.What are the four rules? Strong volume, big trend, strong volume, sweet. Big trend, less volume or volume dropping, be careful. If the stock's falling, volume's going up, sweet.If the stock's falling, volume's going down, be careful. Remember? Then, where do we find momentum? How do you find the stocks? Over there, key levels. If a key level is breaking, yes.What else? Indicators. If there's any indicators, if there's any Fibonacci's, more the confluence,
better it is. Remember that? And then, we went over like about 10 charts, right? We did a lot of, we covered a lot of grounds.Maybe, it's a good idea to re-watch this whole module, to be honest. It wouldn't hurt, right? Before you start the next one, re-watch this whole module, all right? You're doing well. I'm so proud of you, all right? Go grab a drink.Get a drink, chill, relax. Don't start the next module today. Relax, all right? Let's freaking go.
cna52hni3goc72viva10All right, what is going on welcome back to another video in this video we're gonna go over the charts We're gonna put everything together that we have discussed so far in this one video Okay, you're gonna be fun. We will look at probably roughly around 10 different charts. Okay, 10 different charts is plenty And it will make so much sense So wait, let's get to it.Let's go All right, the first One is right here tesla tesla when she broke 750 level and it gave us his patient scandal right here Picked up momentum. Now. There was a lot of reasons for us to jump in.There was an atma there There was um, there was an atma. There is a low volume. Look at this how low volume 750 broke with a lot of volume then it's pulling back now, of course the only Not so good thing about it is doing a movie that we're sitting right at the top Right you jump it into a trade right here doing a moving average sitting right at the top Could be a reason for you.Oh my god, let it break 200 I'll jump in when they are new highs of the day make i'll i'll jump in one contract here If it breaks 200 moving average closes above comes back retest i'll add another one Um, but that's how you kind of adjust yourself, right, but it picks up momentum How do we know it picked up momentum right here? It picked up momentum because the candle started becoming bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger with a lot of volume Make sense a lot of volume started coming and that simply tells us Momentum is picking up but what's happening right at the top. Look at this a new high was made New high was made but the volume the candle looked like ugly can look bearish. They like it got rejected right there Momentum done.That's it. Momentum's over for now 11 o'clock This is when we jump into 10 minute chart. Anyway, if it gives you another entry sweet But for now, this is the move look at this move 750 to all the way to 764 That's a 14 dollar move That pays a lot a lot a lot a lot Make sense momentum Let a critical level break Retested gave you a patient scandal right what you wanted to see with low volume picked up The trend kept going bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and you can stay in the trade You entered here there's no reason for you to sell Momentum picking up volumes picking up.Everything's good. Everything looking sweet Up until this weird candle that you see you're like, all right done make sense All right. Now next one Sq after she gave up pre-market low momentum picked up.Look at this. This is a pre-market low the moment it broke What happened the volume kept going up? It fell Now you might be like where would be my entry? You're confusing yourself. I just want you to spot the momentum because after 11 o'clock We would be watching 10 minute chart.
Anyway, this is a five minute chart example So just pay attention to this right now. It went from literally 247 pre-market low break down low 238 Right now am I saying that you have to catch the whole move? No i'm saying Even if you enter here after you know momentum is there Trend is there momentum picked up. This is a beautiful patient scandal you catching a move from here to this point Just this this is station a this is station d You want to catch a move from station b to station c? And this is the move and you catch this move from 245 down to 240 They're probably roughly gonna pay you about 50 percent or 70 percent of the trade 50 percent or 70 percent depending on what strike price you did of a thousand dollars is four five hundred dollars a day If you do that every single day, that's a hundred thousand dollars a year If you already make it fifty thousand a year job, that's twice what you make now from trading Make sense another one Weak momentum example now what's happening here.Look at this the first one what's happening here? Trend picked up right trend picked up I got rejected no patient scandal yet. No patient scandal yet. No patient scandal yet.No patient scandal yet Give you a patient scandal here Would you take this trade it made a huge pullback If you want remember the example go half You want to take a trade roughly just go half take a trade. All right This is a reward. There's a risk You can take a trade sweet.No problem Let the momentum pick up Again, let the half the day break. Let's see some sort of reason for you to jump in Make sense. Look at this You might be like here.Oh, they're so nice. It's so nice and the right candle gave you so much volume Look at this candle gave you so much volume. What is that telling you? Why was sellers able to take control so bad it's such a weird candle with so much volume That's it I wouldn't be comfortable entering here the reason why so much volume Why Hence it went down now it made a new highs.This is a previous high it made a new high on these candles But the volume Was even less than these previous candles See this it made a new high The volume is even less That's Example of weak momentum in the upcoming modules in the reversal modules. You'll be able to catch this as well But for now, that's where you if you are in a trade. This is a good spot to exit Make sense Now another one spy strong momentum turned weak.Now, this is spy on a five-minute chart spy This is a strong push up pull back gives you entry you took the trade Sweet, but now here This is where we are right crazy amount of volume. Look at this crazy amount of volume sweet but then These red candles have more volume than what what something looks off right something looks off here Huh? What's going on? Look at this It's trying to make every single time volumes dropping the red candles the green candles are not able to pick up more volume than the red ones It just looks a little bit off then the red candle happened to give you even more volume right here Something looks off if you are in a trade like this, you see this stuff happening This volume happening this means by strong momentum is turning weak why let's understand the why Why what is this if you have to name this this is accumulation What's this This is public phase this pullback. This is this is station a this
is station b This is station c where you're going to exit station d is what it can go to we do not care So this is public phase gives you entry sweet you're in the trade.This is public phase because the volume is there sweet public phase Then volume dropped significantly on the green candles comparatively to the previous candles volume dropped Huh? What is this a formal phase? The upcoming modules you'll be able to catch this move towards the downside but for now Good spot to exit why because every what whatever's everybody doing you're going to do the opposite to make money We're going to do the exact opposite Right, this is strong momentum turned weak makes sense now Weak momentum on spy rather the market open now. It's an uptrend. Look at this Higher highs higher highs higher highs higher highs higher highs everything good Sweet then what happened all of a sudden we see this Now first candle will have always have decent volume, right? Next candle sweet the volume usually drops if you look at the chart usually drops after the first five minute candle.Yes But then this red candle happened And they had more volume than the previous green one What's happening here why because sellers To control The weak momentum now the uptrend is gone or if the uptrend is there the momentum is not strong Does that mean look for downside no The uptrend is gone now. It's gone All right, look at this what happened you stay choppy all day Make sense. Let's look at spy perfect example.There's a trend line running across whatever whatever whatever five minute chart, um, we have Whatever happening here trend line broke out sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet No problem But I want you to pay attention to if you're on a two minute chart Definitely will give us some sort of entry. But anyway, I just want you to pay attention to the momentum right now, right? What's happening? The candlesticks are getting bigger and bigger. Look at this.They're getting wider, right? But all of a sudden we saw something right here Look at this We're trying to make new eyes the volume started dropping right The volume's dropping now, what does that mean? You know what that means? That means momentum Slowing down candlesticks have become smaller and smaller Momentum slowing down, right? Yo Thrust is big thrust gets smaller Depth gets bigger this depth gets bigger Depth gets bigger You want to take a trade? Go for it Now it's making sense, isn't it? right Don't look at the charts like oh, but where would I enter? That's not the point right now Point is momentum. You can easily spot momentum. Just looking at the charts right Another one What's happening here? momentum picking up Look at this trend volume picking up like volume.This is more than average Comparatively the previous one sweet then the red candles significantly small volume beautiful patient scandal entry patient scandal entry another patient scandal entry and then We had it make new lows Look at this it made new lows right here the volume dropped Significantly the volume was not able to make new at least same or even a little bit more than average What happened? Pay attention closely We had weak momentum Oh, very very weak momentum Sweet give us entry give us entry give us entry and then low of the day happened A new low happened The volume is not able to exceed even the previous
candle shit formal phase This is formal smart money is going to trap all these formal people you pay attention you watch What happened stock reversed or it stayed choppy? It's making sense So you caught this once twice three then you saw this you take profits Sometimes you will be wrong. Don't take profits of the whole thing take 70% off It makes sense another one what's happening here do this Price going down With a green candle significantly smaller volume than the previous one. No stress red candle.Yeah, no stress Here here here, whatever then stock reversed sweet. Now, we clearly know we start an uptrend right Now does that mean we jump into a trade anywhere? No If you're in puts let's say you were waiting for as this is a patient scandal right you entered here You gotta get out of your stop-loss. No strategy in the world is going to be perfect You get out at your stop- loss.No problem. No stress Because if you stayed in the momentum picked up towards the upside you are going to get punished Like here there was no entry for us There's no patient scandal this whole move from 104 all the way to 108 didn't give us any entry Should should you be upset? No, it's okay. It is what it is.We didn't get a entry What can you do about it? Nothing? But if you do not get out of your short position When you jumped in and you're like, oh, let me see. Please god, please god just this last time I will never make this stupid mistake again You're fucked you're fucked bad Because then you where you're gonna get out Here here here, but you're down about 80 To 99 now That makes you lose confidence, so which one rather lose 200 still have money to trade or rather lose um, say 2200 Every day, no problem 2k fuck no, I don't want to lose 2k. No Make sense make sense.Yes Sweet, this is a perfect example of getting out you get out of your stop-loss If your stop-loss gets triggered you get out no stress. No problem. It is what it is.It happens trading but the moment you get caught up with your Trade the moment you get married to your trade the moment you start having emotions with your trade the moment you start Feeling attached to your trade the moment you feel Thinking are you the smartest dude on the planet? You're gonna get smacked All right. It is what it is. We accept if you're wrong shit happens Make sense Sweet with that being said We looked at some charts you understand momentum now, please do not go away just sit here watch the next video And then go to your charts, right? Don't start the next module yet.Go to your charts All right, go to trading view And watch just just look go to the replay feature. Just just sit there and practice Practice practice practice practice. You're gonna make you better practice does not make you perfect practice makes you better And over time you become so better that you're close to perfect, but never gonna be perfect.You're always learning Make sense sweet Next video i'll see you in about A minute from now. All right next video is going to be small. So let's go.
I'm, so proud of you
cnmtmlg5pfos72usgjngYo, what is going on welcome to another freaking module This is going to be so much fun because literally we are getting into the Freaking advanced stuff. We're getting into the money stuff. We're getting into the stuff that actually prints cash All right, and literally This is the best stuff.This is the best stuff because there's only two ways the market moves One is up Second is like one is up or down second is literally goes up reverses comes down reverses Basically, which we call chop But chop trading includes a lot of catching reversals, right? And um, this is what we're going to cover in this particular module Okay. So now module overview. We're going to go over what is reversals, right? Because that's what this is about and then What is reversal in terms of trading like reversal means so much shit like reversal means so much stuff, right Throwing a ball in the air and reverse is down Right reversal means so much.But what does it mean in terms of trading and then reversal trading also kind of if we need to understand reversal, we need to understand what sort of Candlestick patterns actually we need to understand and learn in case if we want to get our game to the next level which is Candlestick patterns. We're going to talk about like, you know hammer candle sitting at the top or a inverse hammer or a you know stuff like oh Bullish engulfing or bearish engulfing and shit like that, right And then once we understand that then i'll talk about the market structure Basically like i'm trying to understand What sort of candlestick we need to see and what sort of market structure should be in if we have these couple scenarios? Then we have this right, but then i'll put everything together like i'll put Reversal trading candlestick patterns market structure momentum and everything right because momentum We need to do that right and then once we understand all this Right and then we'll be like, all right, the momentum is getting weaker. I get this candlestick the market structure looks like this So wait, let me jump in right here, right which is momentum and reversal trading Confluence and then everything that we have learned so far everything next few modules.That's what we're gonna do Everything that we have learned so far We're gonna start putting it together and you know, i'm wrapping it up Getting to the next freaking level there's gonna be oh my god, there's gonna be money, baby All right Now there's like at the end of the day There's so much stuff that I simply cannot break down in just freaking few videos So in this particular video for this particular module You'll hear me a lot From my ipad because i'll be drawing a lot of stuff on my ipad while while i'm showing you the stuff I'll draw on my ipad and the reason why is This stuff. I really cannot make you understand by just two theoretical parts I need to draw a lot of it. So in some videos like towards the end where we're going to play a lot of confluence there's some videos which I will not be able to just like use charts Use my computer So in those videos you will not be able to see my beautiful face because i'll be literally screen recording from my from my ipad If i'll figure out a way if if there's like, you know somehow This can record my screen.
This can record my face and this is recording the screen and you know, it kind of matches Um, it'll be beautiful. Otherwise, I don't think You care about how I look you care about what you're learning and how that actually translates to making money Right and after all this this module is going to be long this module is going to be tough For me to make but I know for a fact this module is going to make you so much money So i'm very very excited about this, right? And then we have some chart examples. We will go over the charts and we'll go over um How that kind of makes sense and you know we'll see how actually the whole money perspective how actually the whole thing kind of puts together and we'll watch some charts and we'll be like This makes so much sense.Sweet. Thank you. Perfect done then this is A new module welcome to making money module and You're doing good So you should be proud of yourself.Let's fucking go All right. I'll see you
cnmtmlpsobjc72u69v7gAlright fam, so now what we're gonna do in this particular video. You made it. We're gonna go over What is reversals by the way, by the way, I really I think I really really like the house that I'm I know You do know if I can give a fuck, but I really like the house that I'm in now.It's just so quiet So quiet so lovely Beautiful get the chairs at the back. I put on a fucking movie. No goddamn Best maybe not that I've watched a movie in last probably six months, but yeah, I am now let's let's go over what is reversals right and In order to for us to understand what is reversal.I need you to look at this particular photo now What do you see here? What is this? This is called an engine, right? I get everybody would not but what's right at the back. What's that? To me that looks like an engine as well So what is a reversal basically this train way this kind of train gonna simply do a 360 this train can go to the destination and then the back engine goes stationary becomes just a cart and You know this engine becomes a back engine that becomes a front engine it goes there So in this case, it probably is going that way or there whichever but you understand right reversal is basically when we have a push From either side whichever side it is and it goes in that direction So if we have a push to move from the top It'll go down if you push from the bottom will go up. That's reversal, right or in other words When like when you throw a ball? When you throw this paper ball, this is my cat's toy by the way I bought her most expensive toys, but she chooses to play with a paper ball.By the way when you throw this You can see but when you throw this there's a point do this there's a point when it goes back right here There's a point where stops even for a fraction second. It stops and then turns around Now why? There's a friction from the air gravity, you know and this and that This flies down now The kid throwing a ball in the sky comes a point where it stops and then reverses basically that means is The force that comes from either side makes the ball move now, that's Scientific stuff and I'm not a scientist, but I hope you understand that's reversal But what does it mostly mean of trading? I know I could have just made one video of this but a I'm sorry Jump to the next video. Okay.The reason why I actually like to break down couple multiple videos is you know It's so much easier to kind of understand on a bigger picture what actually matters, right? This yeah, you got it. Next one is about trading. So keep different topics.Alright, I'll see you soon
cnmtmlt74als72ubsr6gAll right now here we are let's talk about the next topic which is important again welcome back to another video in this video we're going to go over what is reversal in terms of trading okay now what is reversal in terms of trading a reversal is basically what we call a as a let me grab this freaking nice pen right here okay a reversal is a turnaround in the price movement of a stock basically stock moving up there comes a critical level or critical zone price tries to break the volume significantly drops it breaks a little bit but the volume is significantly lower and then because of the push of this like understand the psychology behind this people who love to go short they're jumping in people who like to um you know jump out of a trade because they bought here they're jumping they're jumping out basically what's happening here is when they're jumping out because they bought here and now they're selling here that's increasing the selling pressure here people who kind of you know trading like us reversals and stuff they're jumping in so basically there's so many confluences of people jumping into a particular trade right so what happens no volume coming in from the buyers all and the moment this level breaks all these people go in it heavy they're like and that's why the red candle gets a lot of volume and prices reverse right it's just a turnaround the moment of the price or it can happen towards a down like it's like this as well okay next which means uptrend can turn into a downtrend uptrend can turn into a downtrend and downtrend can simply turn into an uptrend right but price hardly ever just turns around straight away it hardly happens unless the level is super critical like freaking 500 on spy vehicle touching we're talking about in general the trend time frames okay we're not talking about how to catch a bounce we already covered that in the previous modules we're not talking about how to catch a bounce we're trying to cover here how to catch a reversal the reversals usually happen slowly and the reversals you do like the reversals that go long way because a bounce is simply the market opened here it went down there we caught this as a bounce reversal is we're in a downtrend gets to a stage where the volume kind of starts ignoring the downtrend and goes and reverses price usually takes its sweetest time around here okay it goes then slows the momentum down from the downtrend and then formal phase happens where people are getting caught remember the accumulation distribution accumulation kind of course like this is accumulation then we have a big public phase then we have a big formal phase but formal phase usually have less way way way way less volume and then what we have is a big distribution and the price goes down so then we see this right around here right formal phase and then it reverses okay but still to this point we still need to see a break of the structure of the uptrend so far for this uptrend we have this as a structure think about this right that's how an uptrend goes this is still the higher low we need to see a way a break below this for this to be fully confirmed as a reversal or do we we'll talk to both both aspects what do we need to see what sort of stuff can we kind of play around with a little bit and this is going to be a fun module all right and let's keep pushing the next video i'm gonna go over the fun bit which is candlestick patterns the stuff that you need to be watching the candlesticks are what sort of candlesticks are important kind of stuff um that we need to see in the reversals and then we jump into the actual money bit all right i'll see you soon
goodbye
cnmtmm1iuinc72ohgfu0Alright, welcome back to a new video. So in this video we're gonna go over as I said, there's a big topic So let's keep pushing. Alright, we're gonna go over candlestick patterns.Alright, so now what are candlestick patterns? We can use candlesticks couple candles. So basically one candlestick is like a candlestick couple of candlestick make a pattern and couple of patterns usually make a support and resistance and couple of support and resistance usually makes a trend and Few of trends usually make a market structure pretty much, right? So candlestick patterns we can use them to identify potential end of existing trend Potential end of an existing trend that we are seeing right now in the market Okay. Now let's look at some of the common most my favorite reversal patterns Okay, these are my favorite they do not mean like it gonna work 100% of the time But this is definitely going to make the stock a candidate for you to watch Moving forward for the day.Okay. So the first one that I absolutely love is a hammer Stocks trending down. Okay, cool.Cool. Cool. And usually this candle is a trend killer candle Okay, one big candle that you see in the middle of nowhere usually is a trend killer candle.The volume will be high Up until this point volume is high then this green candle has a lot of volume then the volume drops and then we have Decent volume on this green candle and that usually means this particular thing. This is a formal phase and that Usually usually not every time usually can mean, you know stuff can kind of turn around here So shows selling pressure within the period but ultimately stock buying pressure to push price back up and that if that happens around a critical level, let's say dynamite level which is every $50 move or this happens around a Critical big daily weekly hourly level we see this type of candle we can kind of make sense of it like okay use this as a patience candle and try to catch the move up or Still wait for this level different and then use the patience candle here catch the move up Okay. The next one is bullish engulfing Same shit here.This becomes a formal phase the volume drops significantly the candles become smaller and smaller Right, and then we have a bullish engulfing candle a big bullish engulfing candle green candle with a lot of volume now We can use this as a patience candle But it's a very very very hard because then you know, it's pretty much like oh, why didn't we jump in downside? So we wait for this Thing to break and then it pulls back kind of gives us a patient scandal around here in this Intraday level gives you a patient scandal at this intraday level of the previous lower lower high Gives you a patient scandal and that means stocks shows that the second day open all this, you know second candle open lower than the previous and the basically right and then Candle stick patterns, which is a morning star or I like to call it just a doji in the you know At the bottom the volume usually drops around here The green candle will have a little bit more volume This candle will have less volume kind of saying that sell no sellers not buyers were interested and that's why I had a low volume So if you see this then a big volume on the green
candle you see then you see a little candle We can use this little candle as a patience candle and try to catch a move upside or we can wait for this particular level The master level right here to wait for and then give us a patient scandal kind of we use that But these are just a few examples that I'm showing you. Okay? Now this morning star other one is called evening star same doji candle But on the different trend is a patient scandal move towards the upside then you see something like this Then this particular candle has low volume that means nobody was actually interested buying Nobody was actually interested in selling the next candle that we have after this has a lot of volume That means sellers are kind of picking up and then you see If this level breaks and then you see a little candle like this that can act as a Patient scan patients can and you can catch a move towards the downside. You can either enter here or or or or or This candle can be used as a neutral pretty much candle patients can do what? Yep, you can catch upside or puts as well Or if you want to catch puts you'll wait for the actual structure to fail and then pull back Patients candle Cool Then we have a shooting star.Basically. It's a hammer candle, but towards the other way, right? It's inverted hammer These are patient scandals move happened the volume kind of is decent and this candle has a lot of volume this particular candle is a lot of volume and We cannot use straightaway as a patient scandal unless it's at a 500 level You know dynamite level or a big critical level big hole number then you can use it as a patient scandal because you know How much you're risking? Otherwise, I if it's happening in the middle of nowhere any of this happening in the middle of nowhere holds No, wait, usually has to happen like let's say five minute 200 moving average This can all see happens. You can kind of take it as a play right? You get my point Hold up Alright, so when this happens this particular candlestick patterns happen on the critical level That usually means like okay.There's something for us to watch here if this happens in like middle of you know, I know where then Yeah, whatever, you know, it is just like what I was happening pretty much But if it's at a critical level, that's something for us to pay attention to you get my point now You can use this as patients can let's say if this is a 500 this happened on a five minute chart By the way, this all five minutes. All right, not two minutes Ten minute five minute charge yet. Okay, so this happened you can use this as a patient scannel Next get next candle as soon as it breaks you can jump in stop loss right here Profit target either into the levels or mostly we use hourly levels All right, nine out of ten times you can use hourly levels and you know what harm or ten out of ten times You can use our levels sweet cool and these red candles will have a lot of volume as well All right Or or if you want super safe way, it's when the previous the actual structure breaks Then we get a patient scan roughly here.Then you can use it. It's right and Then we have a bearish engulfing Okay, these are the all the candles that I watch so with bearish engulfing you have this as a you know patient scan or this is a patient scandal and The move towards the upside you caught and then we have the volume kind of drop in like this volume is decent and Then this volume is decent, but this red candle has a lot of volume You know, you get the point these green candles have a little bit less volume comparatively previously So volume drop here, but the red candle has a lot of volume.
It's a bearish engulfing there's no way in the world you'll be able to use this as a Patient scandal because these candles usually are wide because they are kind of taking over the previous candles So there's no point there is to reward wise But what I want you guys to do is if this level breaks then kind of gives us a patient scandal roughly here You know and at the previous level or anywhere anyway after this level break Then you can catch a move towards the downside hourly levels as profit target Our levels are open price is a target.Alright, so basically what we have here is We have a hammer candle, okay hammer candles are important being a bullish hammer Which happens at the bottom at the critical level? Let's say 500 mark and you see this and you can use this bullish or bearish hammer okay, then we have bullish or bearish Engulfing Okay, so basically that means it's like a best way to remember this is the pac-man All right, the pac-man candle basically the little previous candle gets eaten by the pac-man and that's about like this is a this is this right and this bullish or bearish and then we have a Confused candle which I call a doji candle because the doji dojo dojos He's a dojo Dojo is usually like, you know confused people call them dojo. Anyway, doji's confused candle You can say dojo doji. It's like a female version of a confused person.But anyway, you get the point, right? So basically a confused candle in the middle of nowhere with no volume. That means no sellers were interested. No buyers were interested it's like a long wick Small body type candle or just like a it looks like a plus That you can use as a The trend might be getting over soon.And you know, this app can happen at the bottom. This can happen at the top as well Okay, the boards kind of important cool. Cool.Cool. Cool. Cool.Cool. Cool. All right, you got the point Wait, this is it.This is candlestick patterns and Let's freakin go next one. We will discuss a little bit of The market structures and then we're gonna jump into the Money bits. All right.I'll talk to you soon. Goodbye. Let's fucking go
cnmtmm9iuinc72ohgfugAll right, what up, what up, what up. Let me go back to the notability. There we are.I think this should be recording my screen right now. Yeah, okay, it is. All right, so basically what we're gonna do here, fam, is I'm gonna go over reversal trading confluence.Okay, so we're gonna talk a little bit about the confluences that comes in reversal and, you know, some of the stuff that you gotta be quite, you gotta watch closely, all right. So basically the first thing is, let's say your trend is going up, right, we have a trend that's pushing up right here, okay, and then there is a, say, 200 moving average running right at the top, all right, so usually 200 moving average is this. All right, it's 200 moving average.Of course, you can't see it all the way here. Of course, it's like, usually it's like a little small. Up until here, you see it.So the price is approaching that 200 moving average and what we need to usually see is, we get a little bit of a price, kind of, you know, price starts pulling back a little bit and price will go like this. Sweet, up until here, good. At the same time, while we have the volume here, you know, decent volume and this pullback, red candles have small volume, sweet, right, and then what happens is previous, these are the green, these are green volume bars, okay, and these ones are red volume bars, right.So usually what we'll see here is, we'll see a little patient scandal right here, right, and this becomes a patient scandal. So the entry, kind of, goes right here, right, for our long position, but there is a 200 moving average sitting right at the top. Now, when there's 200 moving average sitting right at the top, we got to be careful, right.We got to be careful because if you jump in, it can get rejected at the 200 moving average, which you really, you know, if it gets rejected around the 200 moving average, you really don't want to get it, have it rejected and then, you know, you go through all this crap of just like holding onto your trade because, you know, you entered a little bit stupidly and now it's like, you know, just playing around. But anyway, it goes and you decide not to jump in because of the 200 moving average, it goes, the volume for this is small and compared to the previous volume, while the trend is going up, we had pullback, sweet, now the volume has dropped. This 200 moving average here, the next candle that you kind of see is a red candle, it's like this candle and has more volume than these green candles, right, more volume.And it's happening at the 200 moving average. So we can kind of, as a reversal, there's a confluence here. The confluence is of 200 ma, there's a confluence of weaker volume here, the confluence is of weak volume, there's a confluence of weak momentum, price action, right.This 200 moving average says, because of 200 moving average, the volume, the buyers were not actually interested and it's a five minute chart and this whole five minute chart, we have
weak momentum price action that kind of looks a little bit dodgy, so stop loss and entry can be here. This is a stop loss right here, stop loss, your entry is right here and you can literally jump in to put the moment the next candle kind of breaks towards the downside or you can wait for this level to break. I usually love to take just here because a restored reward gets bloody beautiful with this and I'll jump in here like this and the volume is usually pretty good, right.And I will add to my position because this level break and we'll see a little pullback, right. And I'll add to my position the moment this breaks a little heavier. This is called literally trend.This is like reversal trading 101. This is a big thing that we see all the time with the stocks that we see all the time is first move, very strong, strong volume. Then we have the second move, pullback, low volume, which is what we want to see.And then we have push up with small volume, right, comparatively to the previous one, small volume and that confirms our weak momentum price action and that kind of confirms that there might be a pullback coming and the volume on the pullback usually is massive or this is like the difference between pullback and retracement is volume. Okay. So the volume here tells us that it might actually just start pulling back.And this volume tells us that it's a retracement, not just a pullback. Does it make sense? Now we're talking about reversal trading confluences. So basically the stuff that you need to be careful about, write this down is 200 moving average, right? This can be this, this orange line is 200 moving average.So I'm talking about where the confluence can be. This levels can be, it can be 200 moving average. It can be a dynamite every $50 marks.Okay. Dynamite levels. It can be open price.Okay. Any open price that you see in the market you know, if you opened a hundred and the price comes down kind of can, you know, reverses if the trend is going down as well. And, but you see a slow price action because it's a slow movement in the price, right? Open price.It can be your confluences of 200 or dynamite or open or 200 or open. It can be a confluence of all this. I just want you to understand every single freaking time, every single time, if this is the price, and please put this in your head.All right. Every single time that we fail, every single time that we fail to go as expected, every single time we fail to go as expected on this particular candle, we expected it to move higher, right? Why? Because that's what we do. Every single time it fails, there's always a reason.There's always a reason. You might not know the reason. You don't need to know the reason, but if it fails, stocks usually move from support to support to resistance to resistance.Basically that means level to level, right? But here, why is that patience candle failing? You do
not need to know this. You do not need to know why is this happening, but there's always a reason. The stocks go from level to level.Why is it getting rejected in the middle of nowhere? That's usually a concern. I want you to remember this, okay? And here you have an hourly level sitting and that level got broken down, right? That levels get broken down and now it's pulling back a little bit. It gives you a nice patience candle for an entry.I want you to take this play towards the downside. Every single time a structure fails and fails to make a new high, higher high, there is a reason because stocks love to move from a level to level. You do not need to know the reason.I want you to take a trade as a confluence. Here the confluence is patience candle. Here's the confluence is the reason that the stock didn't move higher.You might not know, but another reason is we have this hourly level. Make sense? You do not need to know why this didn't go. You do not need to know none of this shit, but you still got to be very, very, very, very, very quick with this thinking, quick thoughts that stocks move from level to level.If this failed to go to the next level right here, there's a reason. There's a reason it failed. You might not know the reason.You don't need to know the reason, but there's a reason, right? Why? I don't know, but there's a reason. We'll find out, but not right now. That's not important right now.It's about time to execute around this level. This is where you need to execute. It failed here.Now you don't know how the next move going to go, but your risk is pretty small. You're only risking this. So what's there to lose, right? Now, one big, big rule here.One big rule that we got to write this down. Stocks move from level to level. All right.That's literally it. There's nothing other than this fam. If it doesn't go as planned and it fails, that's usually because of a critical level.Make sense? Which you might not know right now, but you do not need to know. You need to literally write this down and this is going to be so freaking beneficial for you. Okay.The node usually goes at the top. Oh, hang on. Let me drop a text box here. Right here. I want to drop a text box here. Let me fucking type.God damn it. It won't let me type. But anyway.Yeah, this is nice. All right fam. So right now, the rule that simply that I was actually about to tell you, the rule is, please write this down.
Literally. Stop thinking. Start executing.The more you think, less you will execute. It will be harder for you. Okay. Stop thinking. You're there to execute. Time for you to execute.Fuck thinking. Make sense? Stop thinking. Now, we discussed reversal trading, confluences, the stuff that matters.The confluences can be all this 200, this, this, dynamite level, open price, hourly levels. They all matter. The stocks move from a level to level.Anytime this whole thing fails, we can move down. Okay. We're still looking for potential.Yes. But the risk to reward wise, it's makes a lot of sense. Of course, we still looking for potential.It can happen here as well. But the risk to reward is sweet. If this trade works, usually they pay about, you're risking like a dollar and they will pay like a hundred freaking dollars.It's such a beautiful risk. You're risking this and it can keep going. I have seen this in the past where I'm about a dollar here and the reward becomes like fucking $6.And you know how much money that is? If you're, if you're putting in about thousand dollars into a contract and you're risking about a dollar, which is, let's say, you know, 10%, 20%, whatever. And that thousand dollars become like now 3000. That's a lot of money for him.Does it make sense? This is what we do. This is what it means by when I say with, you know, reversal trading confluences, there's a lot of stuff that kind of goes into it. And we, please make sure you rewatch this.But the only, only main point here that I want you to take home from this is stocks usually fail because of a reason to keep going higher. The reason you do not need to know. Stop thinking.A lot of things in this world that we do, we do not know the reason and we never ask the fucking reason. So stop thinking about the reason in the market. Just the reason only answer is stocks love to move from a support to support or level to level.That's all you need to know right here. Anything other than this, you do not need to know. Okay.They usually move from a level to level. If there's one level, critical level here, the next hourly level, it will go there and then it pulls back and this is happening. There is something that's going on behind the scenes, which you do not know.Don't worry about it. If it's getting rejected, price wants, it kind of, you know, gives you another playing around here. You can use it as a patient scandal, catch the move toward the downside,
the risk to reward.If it makes sense, it fucking does make sense. You see what I'm saying? Level to level. That's a goal.That's what we're going to do. All right. This is all I have in the next video.We're going to go over momentum trading recap. We're going to talk a little bit about momentum trading again, and then, you know, do a little recap of the, all the stuff that we have discussed before. And now we will try to bring everything, put everything together into a, and we'll try to watch the momentum trading, the module one time, you know, I'll quickly go over it with eyes off as a reversal.Okay. We'll be able to spot. So we'll watch the momentum trading module.All right. Together, like a quick recap and we'll put the eyes side, like the fucking glasses we are wearing our reversal fucking trading glasses this time. And we'll see how many, how much difference this whole thing going to bring into the way you watch the charts.You're going to be freaking crazy. Okay. And then I'm going to, um, after that, I'm going to put momentum trading plus reversal trading is equal to money, money, money, money trading.And we'll put both together after that module. And they're going to get fun. All right.I'll see you in the next one. Go grab a drink. I'm a go grab a drink as well, because I'm freaking, you know, recording all these videos and I'm fucking tired right now.I'm going to go get a drink, probably a coffee. Um, go get a drink. Don't worry about it. Um, shut the computer, come back tomorrow. It's totally okay. All right.You got it. I'll see you tomorrow or I'll see you later. I'll see you in the next video then. All right. Peace.
cnmtmm9sobjc72u69v80Alright, what is going on? Welcome back to another video. In this video we're going to go over market structure recaps as you can tell. Okay, now first things first, before we even move forward, I want to kind of go over a little bit about what we have discussed so far.We know now what is reversal, we kind of know what is reversal in trading, then we looked at some candlesticks, right? Reversal candlesticks. Now we're going to go over market structure. Alright, it's going to be fun, it's going to be easy and we'll go over this stuff.Alright, cool? Sounds good? Alright, let's get this. Alright, glasses are clean, neat and tidy, push this out of the way and let's go. Alright, now before we even move a little bit forward, I want to kind of go over the three different types of trading that kind of comes under the market structure.So let's just get over with those. Yeah, okay. So now there's three types of trading in the world, okay? There's only three, there's not even one extra one.Alright, there's three types of trading. One is called breakout trading. I'll write this down by the way.Second is called retest trading and the third one is called reversal trading. Okay, there are rules for each and all three and we'll kind of get to them in a minute. Now, what is a breakout trading? So first one is a breakout trading.Now, what is a breakout trading? Let's go over it, alright? So the first thing that we have and we see in the breakout trading is simply there's a level. These are levels and these are just like, say, level in our zone. This is A, B and C, alright? Now, the A one, just like if there's a critical level, let's say 500 or whatever it is, we are making candlesticks, we're going up, we're going up, we break non-stop.It just doesn't stop, doesn't care about the level, we can't enter. If you're already in a trade, yeah, sweet. Otherwise, we can't really enter, we need to wait for a patience candle, right? The second one is candles are going up, then we see a little relaxation, then we get a patience candle, we use that as a patience candle, stop loss and we catch the next move, okay? Or this is called like horizontal, you know, kind of little breakout horizontal flag thingy.Or the second one is this, patience candles are happening and we use this as a patience candle, we catch the move towards the upside, okay? Now, the third one, third one is called, this is like, this is called vertical, this is called horizontal pullback. A doesn't have a pullback. Third one is called a fake out breakout move, yeah? So basically what happens in this is we have a candlestick, price is going up, it breaks out first, then it starts giving us a little stuff like this, that's a patience candle, gives us a patience candle to enter, then it kind of makes a candle like this, big candle, big green candle, then it starts moving lower again, gives you another patience
candle and then it goes.So basically, it gets you stopped out once, like here, even though it pays a little bit, but it kind of gets you stopped out, it turns and then it picks up and then goes, okay? A lot of people get stopped out here, heavy, they get stopped out here and they're like, oh my God, I like that, see, I'm done, I'm like, I'm not, I don't want to touch this stock after this and they miss the big move, okay? This is breakout. The second one is called retest, retest trading is where we have a critical level, say, kind of think of it as your floor or the ceiling right now, okay? You have a ceiling above your head, if you throw something at the ceiling, it touches it, comes right at the bottom, right? So now, if you want to go above this ceiling, then you get in the stairs, jump on the stairs, you go up and this ceiling right now, for me, is a ceiling, but for you, it's becoming your support or your floor at the first floor, it's becoming your floor and then you have a ceiling as well, right? So it's kind of a floor and ceiling. So right now you have a ceiling right here, this is your, probably your laptop and this is you sitting there watching this video, you have a ceiling right at the top and if somebody goes, gets on the stairs, get on the top, you know, he's standing right here, even though this is your ceiling, but for him, that's the floor and he has a ceiling as well.So basically, your resistance, once we break the resistance, that usually becomes a support, right? If you get above it, cool? That's exactly what happens in trading as well. This is a critical level, stocks are moving up, it breaks out of the big $500 level, pulls back, gives you a kind of patient scandal on it, that's a move to be caught like this. Alright, this is called a retest patient scandal and they're very, very profitable.Alright, now the third one, the third one is called, and there's a reason why this works by the way, and the reason why this kind of works is, let's say if you, if you wanted to enter here but you missed or you didn't, you didn't miss, you didn't want to take it because there's a critical level sitting at the top, the $500 level, you're like, what if it gets rejected, whatever. So now it broke the $500, you're like, alright, giving me a pullback, giving me a patient scandal, I want to catch this. This is you, one who's ready to buy here.The second sort of people are who entered here, they entered here, they caught the move, they sold at $500 because they want to sell in the strength, as soon as it touches $500, they jump out and now they're waiting for another entry, so they'll jump in, okay? The third type of people are like us, you know, who's waiting, sitting there and waiting as well. The fourth type of people are usually people who like to go short here, or they, as soon as the $500 breaks towards the downside, this wick happens, they're like, oh my god, this can, this is going to be a reversal, da- da-da-da-da-da-da, whatever, you know, let me jump in, stop-loss right above this scandal, and they jump in and the stock breaks towards the upside, now they are jumping out here, so they're short. When you're short, what do you do? You sell your share, you sell first, and then you buy the shares back, right? Now, that is also becoming a buy order coming into the market, so there's so many things that are happening, that's why this move usually happens quite big and heavy.
And then the third one is called reversal trading. Now, what is reversal trading? Reversal trading, as the name suggests, we have, let's say, a double top forming, right? Big critical level is sitting right at the top, and I can't see, one eye is plus, the other one is minus, or this is plus, this is minus, whichever, as soon as I take it off the wall, just like, it spins this way, that's spinning, everything's like moving that way. I don't know how this works.Anyway, now, what is reversal trading? Reversal trading, as we have been talking already, we get a double top, here the volume's quite nice, and then pull back, less volume, and then volumes like this, the second one, then we kind of wait a little bit for it to kind of give us a nice patient scandal at the previous level. We use that as a patient scandal, we catch the move towards the downside, and the volume usually nice at the downside, and as soon as this level breaks, it picks up, that's basically what reversal trading is, what we are talking about as of right now, okay? So, breakout trading, just a breakout, we wait for patient scandal, retest, wait for patient scandal at the big critical level, reversal, this, we see this weakness, and we catch the move, all right? Now, market structures, very, very simple, very, very easy, it's easy, the first market structure is, this is highs, this is lows, this is higher highs, this is higher lows, this is higher high, this is higher low, higher high, higher low, higher low, and higher high, higher high here, basically this, right? Now, what's happening here? We need consistent, strong uptrend, every time it kind of pulls back, buyers are buying it back, buyers are buying it back, buyers are buying it back, buyers are buying it back, and the price is pushing, and it's pushing with a lot of volume, we have smaller and smaller this depth, and the thrust is getting bigger and bigger as well, we are seeing big moves towards the upside, that's called momentum, and the price is pushing, so basically, every time, this is like a zoomed in version of this, this right here is called impulse, and this little pullback is called literally pullback, okay? Now, this big move after, like here, there will be a patient scandal, this big move becomes the impulse again, right? That make sense? So, basically, the whole market moves like this, we have an impulse, we have a pullback, then we have another impulse, and that's how you kind of make money, pretty much, that's how it all, the whole thing works, okay? We wait for a patient scandal, that's the first one, I like to, literally, I like to call it type one, this is type one kind of structure, then we have type two structure, and this is a bit interesting one, the reason why I say it's interesting one is, it gives you impulse, okay? Gives you impulse, like, imagine, imagine this, okay? We're seeing this, and after this, we are continuing on the next page, it pulls up, and then we start seeing a little pullback, tries to go, couldn't, tries to come down, couldn't, it's kind of taking its sweet time. If it's taking its sweet time, that means the momentum slowed down, buyers are not that much interested, as we spoke in the momentum module, the buyers are not really, really interested, if they were really interested, they would have pushed the price further up, but this is a level, this is a level, and let's say, comes down, gives you a patient scandal, wherever along this journey, could be a patient scandal here, you use that as a patient scandal, move towards the upside, or there's a patient scandal here, you're like, all right, if it breaks the upside, $100 mark, I'm jumping into calls, if it breaks this $99 mark, I'm jumping into puts, basically, the momentum slowed down, now it's a lot of chop, and we are waiting for this patient scandal that we saw, and we're waiting for, because the structure will fail, we're literally
waiting for 100 to break, move towards the upside, or 99 to break, move towards the downside, they both do freaking pay, and this is called impulse, this is called long, kind of squarish, kind of slowed down price, wicky action, I like to call it consolidation, and then this, or this, both of them, is called impulse again, make sense, sweet, now third one is, which is type three, very simple, just that, literally, this is just zooming in on this bit, that's it, we haven't seen a pullback here, we're zooming in on this bit, a lot of people enter here, they will enter here, they'll pull back a little bit, they'll exit here, then goes, they'll enter here again, they'll exit here, and they're just making higher highs, pretty much that's what's happening, make sense, so if you see a big move, please do not just jump in, wait for a pullback, wait for a patient scandal, yeah, sometimes you get formal, but fuck your formal, sometimes you get feelings, emotions, fuck your feelings and emotions, all right, so three different types of market structures, one is this, the pullback, second one is this, third one is just this, third one is incomplete, all right, we either trade this, or we trade this, we never trade this, because this is not complete yet, we need to wait for a pullback, make sense, all right, now, moving forward, next kind of, the next video, we're going to go over, like so far, we have talked about reversal, reversal in terms of trading, candlestick pattern, market structures, sort of things that we look for, you know, what the different type of market structures, you know, these type one, type two, type three, and we discussed three different types of trading, which is, first one is called breakout trading, which we do all the time, kind of, you know, we wait for a patient scandal, second one is called retest trading, we wait for a patient scandal at the critical level, the third one is called reversal trading, which I'm going to teach you now, okay, sweet, let's freaking go, I love it, now, next video, we're going to actually talk about reversal trading confluence, so the confluences of reversal trading, how this whole thing kind of works, you know, what do we need to be careful about, this sort of stuff, you know, that'll be mostly my iPad talking, but it'll make sense, all right, I'll talk to you soon, goodbye.
cnmtmmg5pfos72usgjo0Yo, alright in this video we're gonna go over momentum, the whole momentum trading. We're gonna quickly do a quick recap okay. So the previous module because we need this in this.Alright now let's go over it. What is momentum? Momentum is simply inertia something in motion. Simply put momentum is inertia in motion and momentum equals mass times velocity.Mass the weight of the object times the speed of the object is momentum. That means if something is moving there are two things that can affect its momentum. The mass and the velocity.The mass and the speed okay. How big of the thing is. Now best way to describe who would you think break a wall of course a truck breaks the wall and the wall looks like this while the mosquito kind of fucking gets smashed because of the weight right.Even though the speed is same the mass of the truck is heavier while the mass of this little mosquito is quite little right and that that was mass. Now let's talk about velocity. Baseball example which one would you would you be able to catch a kid throwing a baseball or a professional throwing a baseball at you.Of course this is easier than this right. So because of velocity because of the speed this one gonna be probably slow rather than this hundred miles an hour right. Now a little bullet going through an apple.Speed even though mass is quite little but the speed is so fast. What happens? Palm right. Now what would happen if this was really slow this little and really really slow.Like you trying to throw this pen cap probably ten times bigger than maybe five times bigger than the bullet but if you throw this at the actual apple nothing will really happen. The reason even though it's bigger mass the reason is simple the reason is that the speed is quite low than this. Mass is small velocity is big hence it kills.This right here the big oil tanker. Mass is big speed is quite slow hence you don't want to be in front of it right. So this and this this is called.They both have they both are very very difficult to stop because of momentum right. Now that's momentum what is momentum trading. Best way to put it is the strategy that tells us to jump in a trade in direction of the trend jump out of a position before the whole trade reverses.So we let the trade start already use the trend start already what we do already and our goal is the train leaves from station A goes to station D our goal is to catch B to C. Okay we want to capitalize on the stock trend we don't really care about when the trend starts when it finishes we really want to catch this move this is momentum but with the reversal we care about where it can potentially stop. Right now other way to put it is train example that I just gave right so
basically it's all about buy high and sell higher that's the goal with momentum trading right or sell low and buy low basically shorting. Now the reality we do not really care about the long term trends we are day traders we don't really care about the trendy days doesn't matter what sort of day it is we will catch a move toward the downside that's all we care about right.Now all we care about is the move has enough mass enough velocity the candles are big enough so the momentum is there and the volume is big enough as well that's all we care about in other words we want enough momentum now if there's not enough momentum what we want to do is catch the reversal right but it doesn't matter if it's momentum trading reversal trading or anything we are only going to use the LTP framework all right we got to enter based on the trend patient scandals and but with momentum trading you will be able to spot when the trend can pull back or reverse reverse it's a perfect way to trade of course no it will make a few mistakes I'll give you a few errors but over long period of time you will still be profitable okay so now what's momentum for us momentum is simply a rate of change of an asset in respect to time frame okay momentum is the rate of the change of the stock in respect to how quickly it goes that's momentum if it if it goes if it goes up in six hours the slow momentum if it can go up in 10 minutes that's fast momentum that's the best way to put it right so the two scenarios I'll give you is the both these stocks are sitting at two dollars each the both by the end of the day goes to six right the first one the first one kind of goes like it goes up comes down up comes down up and comes down this one is like this really really slow really slow you hardly can make money here you can make money here you can catch your reversals you can make a lot of money on this day make sense so the big movements pay the slow movements do not so the only strategy that helps us make a huge percentage return in the short period of time is momentum you want to make a quick buck we don't want to sit there six hours and then theta of the option contract kind of tries to kill us we don't want to do that right so basically this is where the money is we either want to catch something relatively strong you don't want to catch something relatively weak because somewhere in the middle there's no money not saying spike you have no money but somewhere in the middle there's no money we want to catch something which is moves very fast which it moves totally against the market and of course we want to pay attention to where the trend can reverse so that we can catch the reversal so simply the goal for us is one very clear goal buy when there is strong momentum sell when we see the signs of weakness or sign of momentum slowing you buy calls here you exit your calls here this is where you buy puts this is where you exit your puts so our goal is to learn how to make money on both sides there's no way of us finding out when the momentum can pick up we do not know when the momentum gonna pick up we're gonna start unless stock is breaking a big dynamite level still entering just based off this not actually using your patience candle can lead to big losses we still need to enter based on patience candle if the trend slows down we kind of can have a sweet guess where the price can stop so we need to be careful of formal phase that I explain an accumulation distribution public phase and formal phase for example right here what's happening is we have we have a stock that goes up beautiful volume makes a patient scandal so a lot of volume here makes a patient scandal a lot of volume again on the green candles right pulls back small volume then makes a high right here makes a high
volumes decent still keeps going up but the volume dropped significantly look at this volume dropped significantly in the red candles have more volume now this is exactly where you can start watching this because this is for more now I know it you won't be able to catch a reversal right here by little pullback we can catch a reversal to the downside by getting a patient scandal make sense so that's a formal phase because the volume has significantly dropped around those areas alright so we are making new highs but low volume that's a formal phase coming up and now we of course we need to wait for a patient scandal we get a patient scandal and you know like this patient scandal can go either way this patient scandal that you get after this can go either way you can catch a move towards the upside you can catch a move towards the downside they both work okay this is a neutral patient scandal after a big pullback as I explained before previously I broke this down that patient scandal is usually this patient scandal as in the previous video as I explained that this patient scandal can be treated as something that can be kept for the upside this is $100 this is $99 it can be called for the downside in this particular example it decided to go up right but we take profits when there's a big pullback happen big big volume we take profits halfway right pullback divided by two we take profit and then now we know this is a high now we know that okay prices even though the volume like the volume still dropping where were the prices stop they're gonna become a potential lower high straightaway the reason the reason is very very simple the reason here is momentum the momentum has slowed down significantly now the volume on these red candles have picked up this becomes a patient scandal and this becomes an entry for you to kind of take right here or this can become another entry for you and you catch a move like this this is called reversal trading okay you pay attention to volume you pay attention to the price action and then you get another one you add more so simply this becomes the first entry this becomes the main entry and this becomes your another main entry and then this becomes your hourly levels become your profit taking right so they can basically what happen is we have big push pullback remember the market structures that I explained this is impulse wave pullback another impulse pullback another impulse but this impulse is going on a significantly lower volume and then the red candles have a lot of volume that what we saw is basically the trend tried to go but the volume couldn't just go based on what we had the volume before volume just couldn't go even compared to these red candles the volume couldn't go so what happened basically was we started seeing a little patient scandal and the moment this neutral patient scandal and this neutral patient scandal if this one breaks we can catch a move towards the upside if this one breaks towards the downside we can catch a move towards the downside and you can catch this move it's called reversal trading now how do you identify stocks with momentum though now to identify identify stocks with momentum you need to do price action analysis indicator analysis they both are important all right there's nothing wrong with either one of them but because I do not personally like too many indicators kind of you know let me put this indicator let me put this indicator let me put this indicator we don't do that crap right we try to base everything just a price action because indicators amazed a price action as well but I like 200 moving average I like open price these are the few things that I really really enjoy right now let's look at price action and if we price action momentum this involves doing bar by bar analysis of the stock chart I hope you are catching up this is like we just doing a recap if you
want to if you do not get this please go rewatch the previous module they explained this in detail all right this involves doing bar a bar analysis of a stock chart candlestick by candlestick poor candlesticks slowly and slowly and slowly on every chart right because candlesticks take five minutes to form so you go candle by candle anyway now because candlestick provide us a lot of information it gives you OHLC what is it open price high of the candle low of the candle close of the candle right and another big thing just by looking at the candle we can easily tell who is winning the battle bulls or bears right now if it's a big green candle now we know for a fact the buyers are winning if there's a big red candle we know the sellers are winning that's how simple it is now one trick I've learned over time is momentum is simply a rate of change of the stock price in a given period you can simply compare the current candlestick with the previous candlestick to tell what's going on with the momentum okay so for example in this particular example what do we have here momentum is kind of picking up right now right momentum is kind of picking up but but at the same time we cannot get married to shit hasn't given us entry yet and then it did give us entry but what is this this is a bullish engulfing the full candle is getting engulfed right it's a bullish engulfing candle does it make sense what I explained in the previous video is the candlestick parents this is a bullish engulfing candle the full previous candle is fully engulfed pretty much right what happened that led to this I told y'all man this these type of candles are trend killer candles TCC TKC trend killer candles right what happened yeah kind of went up eventually the trend slowed down so much the volume slowed down so much eventually turned around so now to kind of give you a beautiful beautiful thing of this is we have all this then this type of candle right here becomes a kind of a neutral if it breaks towards the downside it becomes a trade for the downside but you know just because the volume you can simply tell and otherwise it's a momentum towards the upside reversals coming soon so these are the type of candles you need to pay attention to if it's a green candle it's very bullish and all this I explained in the previous module you can call rewatch but this the shape of the candlestick can tell you what is happening big red candle is bearish there's a little bit less bearish less bearish almost neutral neutral and all this I bullish less bullish less bullish almost neutral and is neutral I pulled in bears they kind of it's like a rug tug-of-war pretty much happening now some of the characteristics of strong momentum price action we see this we have a little more little momentum little candle little volume as the candles are getting bigger and bigger the volume is getting bigger and bigger as well that simply tells us the momentum is there that we want to see candles becoming bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger that's it that's very important and also at the same time we want to see the increase in thrust thrust is the distance between this to the next high this highs to the next high you want to see that increase increase thrust is a sign of potential trend strength I increased thrust is a sign of potential trend strength okay now we want to see decrease in depth as well depth is a difference between these we want to see it decrease it makes sense here bigger pullback smaller little bit smaller that's called depth depth is the difference between the when the price how far it can pull back okay some some couple more observation if we get big range candles the momentum is increasing we want to see increasing thrust we want to see decreasing depth this can work for the upside this can work for the downside there's no perfect but it will pay you a long haul right then what are the some characteristics of weak momentum price action it's
very important for us to understand this because at the end of the day this is what we are gonna do this is what we're gonna do in reversal trading this is where the reversal trading starts you need to learn how to momentum how the weak momentum price action works for you to understand how the reversals work you need to know when the correct when the weak momentum is kind of picking up so basically what's happening is we have a big big range candles a lot of volume and the volume starts dropping and the candlesticks become smaller and smaller that simply means buyers are getting less interested so buyers are becoming less interested that means you know they're like oh yeah who cares man that's it I'm done who cares man I'm done who cares man I'm done that's simply it right when the buyers don't buy the sellers eventually take over it's kind of it's a war buyers and sellers they're always pushing the sellers against like oh yeah right whatever the buyers go and then the buyers are like oh yeah whatever sellers pick even they're resting they're like oh shit let's push that's what's pretty much happening here there will be a decrease in thrust thrust simply means a new high is happen you know after trend it makes a new high and from the previous high the new high is becoming smaller and that this is where the fun bit will happen up until here everything was good we had decent volume less volume on the pullback and then the this high the momentum makes a new high the volume will not be significant so the volume drops significantly here right and then you're like okay this made a small move the volume is not there you know what this can reverse anytime soon if that's a critical level right here and this red candle is kind of like a hammer candle what I explained in the previous one then you can use this hammer candle as a real as a patience candle and catch a move towards the downside because this red hammer candle will have a lot of volume and they'll confirm your thesis and you can take a trade towards the downside there will be a increase in there will be a decrease increase in depth that means the pullbacks become bigger and bigger okay that simply means a move towards the downside is starting out now some more observation if you get smaller narrow inch candle the momentum is decreasing decreasing thrust it is making smaller and smaller smaller moves every time it breaks the previous half the day make smaller move that means the momentum slowing down depth will start increasing at the stocks getting weaker and weaker and this becomes a good spot for us to exit the trade and jump into our reversal trade and this is not perfect but over long period of time it will help you from prevent you from losing money on your long position and it'll help you make money on your short positions on your puts okay now volume and price action this is mostly visual concept so I'll explain by using some chart examples what's happening here this is a weak momentum this is a perfect example of a weak momentum this is what weak momentum is okay so for example let's say this was a hourly level right this was hourly level strong critical level or this was a 200 $200 mark or this was a hourly level right so basically what happened is we saw this big thing right here on the hourly level you can use this as a patient scandal and catch a move towards the upside all right and then volume see this is a high volume is crazy the next time it kind of broke the high right here look at the volume look at these red candles and more volume let me let me show you clearly let me zoom in a little bit look at this a big critical level kind of you know made a hammer candle this can be used as a patient scandal now I want you to pay attention to this right here right this is where I want you to pay attention to look at right here this is a high right this is a volume this is a red
candle I want you to pay attention to this look at this what's happening previous high broken on the day so zoom out a little bit boom previous high broke so there's a previous high volume the red candle that we saw recently had a lot of volume but we couldn't even break we're making new highs and the volumes look at the volume significantly smaller the red candle right here volume this doesn't mean you could jump in puts right at the top no no fucking way we don't do that crap we still need to wait for a you know a little entry that we need to see but this volume right here and this candles volume kind of tells you okay the momentum is super weak again if you're caught if you jumped in called and she let that jump out and get ready for the downside and then this patient scandal that we saw this right here becomes our entry this right not this one probably this right here becomes entry then this right here becomes entry right then three o'clock hits and then we do not trade after three but does it make sense this is how you catch reversals okay I'll explain it one more time big critical level it kind of made a hammer candle you can use this as a patient scandal next candle you can jump in catch the move now previous high broke the volume significantly lower even though we are making high of the day then this particular big red candle with big volume comparatively to the all the green ones confirms that okay this got wants to reverse we do not just enter there we wait for patient scandal this gives our patient scandal right here and this is where we jump in okay look at this green candle volume is very smaller than the previous ones right this gives us a confirmation that okay reversal is coming let me jump in and then as as many patients candles that you see you keep entering and adding and adding and adding and you make what loads of money this is called this is called reversal trading basically reversal trading a lot depends on weak momentum price if you want to see weak momentum okay strong momentum again same stuff that we do look at this volume significant a lot of volume red candles of small volume green candles are more volume that just explains the uptrend right that's strong momentum now four rules of momentum and price action when the price is going up the volume is going up it's a strong uptrend right when the price is going down volume is going down it's a strong downtrend when the price is going up volume is going down we have weak uptrend it's showing signs of reversal okay signs not showing that reversal gonna happen showing signs of reversal if the price is going down volume is going down it's showing us weak downtrend or it's showing us signs of reversal right that makes sense so wait now a couple of tricks I've learned in the past doing this stuff the first most important thing is to identify which stocks is the most nicest momentum at first place use volume to confirm your thesis stocks that are moving with strong momentum will always have more than average volume and stocks that are moving with weak momentum will have less than average volume okay now where do you find momentum we find momentum look for when the stocks break out of a key daily or hourly level with a lot of volume it might be start of a strong momentum for the upside to cover in the stock breakdown of a critical level that might be a strong momentum for the downside we usually get a nice bounce and nice momentum around the Fibonacci retracement levels as well from my experience bigger the confluence bigger the momentum can be okay now news can also lead to momentum such as earnings big contracts interest rates etc etc alright stock selection is everything alright you don't really want to trade a stock that do not have momentum as it will lead to fail trends and eventually bigger losses but now you know how to trade reversals I do
this all day I just do not call out these plays but I do this whole day every day alright now every 15 to 20 minutes in the market it's a good place to it's a good plan sometimes a good idea to eliminate stocks you want to catch you want to have some sort of trend even for a trend reversal if you look at your reversal you want to have some sort of a trend reversal right imagine trying to give up imagine you're trying to give up on drugs all right you're like I want to give up on drugs okay what drug do you do I don't do any drugs so how can you give up on something if you want to catch a reverse trend reversal there has to be a trend a first place so every 15 to 20 minutes it's good good to eliminate some stocks which are being really really choppy trend reversals do not really mean trading the chop it means trading the weak trend okay it means just like picking just identifying the fluff if somebody's you know I see this all the time on social media like some people are trying to fluff they're trying to fake rich the lifestyle and and you know someone who's living the life someone who has done it someone who you know I can easily tell who's just being a fluff or someone who actually just is actually living the life it's very easy kind of to tell like let's say if you're in real estate if you do real estate for a living or if you're a real estate broker or something you can easily tell if somebody knows what they're talking about if they're just like trying to be though you know I'm the guy same stuff with me yeah it's just my profession I can simply tell who's like trying to be actual guy or just trying to be guy so so it kind of it kind of is that's what we're gonna do we are trying to identify who's just actually running or who's actually just trying to show off pretty much right use law of immersion here rather than looking for what's the most trendy and have momentum and eliminate stocks which are not trendy limited stocks which are choppy limited stocks which are not relatively stronger or weaker than the market right another couple points you need to wait for some critical levels to break before even the trend starts momentum starts look out for increase in thrust or decrease in depth all right good volume and candle expansion in that direction of the trend low volume on the pullback candles no big levels at the top if you're looking for an uptrend no big levels at the bottom if you're looking for downtrend but if you're looking for reversal we want to see big levels at the top the trend goes tries to break the big level the volume drops we enter the downside make sense you want to see high volume on the pullbacks just we are trying to catch the other side all right so now time to look at some chart examples for this now look at this this is beauty this is basically the retest rating that I kind of explained 750 broke and cutting retested this is a 200 moving average right here but the 750 big critical level gave you a beautiful patient scandal as I said this patient's cannot can go two ways you can go either upside or downside because this is kind of sitting at a critical level if this critical level failed of course you're gonna go down quicker but this one in this case broke towards the upside it pushed now this let's say if this is a hourly level sitting right here it this patient's candle that happened right here you see this week patients candle that happened right here look at this we have a red candle it had a lot of volume but this is very very bearish hammer candle now you can jump into this trade and try to make some cash this is like 764 down to 760 right or you can enter the next one basically what I'm trying to hear say is you really need to know your game you really need to have a quick mind like quick quick quick quick that's all it's about if you start thinking in the real time then you're like oh I'll wait the game's lost you see them Zen now here chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop chop
whatever but this level break it picked up momentum do this picked up momentum do this picked up momentum right picked up momentum that's this is strong momentum volumes going up right please please please please please reversal trading does not does not mean fight the trend it does not mean fight the trend you can still be wrong all right that's why you need stop losses reversal write this down reversal trading does not mean fighting the trend it means letting this downtrend settle down letting it settle down getting waiting for the patient scandal and then jumping in okay now weak momentum example look at this volume dropped when we made a new highs volume dropped this red candle had more volume what happened we still wait for the patient's candle we got the patient's candle right here what happened we caught the move toward the downside it's 239 to 237 that's a $2 move this is what we call reversals does it make sense okay so here this is a high broke but volume is sweet so we do not try to go out there and try to be oh yeah I know what's happening here make sense sweet another one spy strong momentum turned weak this will make a lot of sense we had strong momentum patient's candle pushed up sweet now this is volume significantly drop or the red candles picking up volume here look at this red candle red candle picking up volume now you can use this as a patient's candle try to catch the downside or you can simply wait for this previous kind of a this kind of a previous levels to break below and then waiting for a patient's candle trying to catch a move that might have to wait for the whole day but when the reversals happen big you will make a lot of lot of bag right in this example weak weak momentum on spy at the open what happened candlesticks becoming smaller and smaller more confusing and she like that doing a movie never sitting right at the top I'm not talking about this but then the downtrend now uptrend picked up and the downtrend picked up now this is most likely chop this is like all right no going up no going down no playing around you know this is like kind of sitting in the same range these are the simple days you need to ignore please do not think like oh I can catch here I can enter here I can enter here I can enter here I can enter there I can enter there no you cannot man you know fucking Tom Cruise who can do all the stunts I hate with day traders make sense the spy is a good example as well this spy remember this candle right here doji candle you can use this as a patient's candle you can jump into trade but but your stop-loss still matters you it's in a strong uptrend don't try to fight it unless you see a significant drop in volume like right here we're trying to make a new highs like this volume significantly drop in we're trying to make a new high wait for the patient scale the moment you get patient scale these are the moves that you need to catch quick moves all right reversals honest momentum trades will not be a hundred percent trade most of the time it will be like 20 to 30 percent trades that's money right strong momentum low volume low volume strong momentum low volume low volume strong momentum less volume you see this low made less volume then this green candle has a lot of volume comparatively here this simply tells us that okay the reversal might be in all right we still need to wait for a patient's candle no patient's candle here no patient's candle there we do not did not get any patient's candle but that simply told us to jump out of our trade that doesn't mean jumping to put calls straight away okay this is another one AMD strong momentum with rising volume insane we caught a move like this on AMD I think a couple days ago as well big move so basically what happened is strong move right here volume look at this volume significantly dropped and then the volume picked up on
these green candles right here the volume picked up these are trend reversal volume pretty much what happened big so if you do not jump out let's say if you do not jump out of your ports and you're sitting in ports and this whole thing happened and you're like please God please God probably got bigger things to worry about you know what I mean so it's very very important to kind of pay attention to this stuff and it's important to understand that reversal trading doesn't mean we need to fight the trend reversal trading simply means if there's a 200 moving average sitting there we saw price action slowing down we see volume is picking up we see the red candle volume is more we get use it as a patient's candle we can scalp 10 20 30 percent on a thousand dollar position size that's about 300 bucks 300 bucks a day if you can catch one trade like that in a year say out of 250 trades hundred and eighty of them are green about 70 of them are red and you every time you make money you make 300 so 300 times hundred and seventy you do the math it's about what 51,000 yeah let me check say hundred and hundred and eighty trades that you caught and you every time you it worked you made about $54,000 all right and 80 times that the trade didn't work or 70 times that the trade doesn't work you lose about $200 that's about 14,000 so 54,000 minus 14,000 that's extra 40 fucking grand a year just by doing one trade a day if you find it that's about it that's that's free money right this is all that we need to talk about momentum momentum weak momentum is where the money is weak momentum is where this you know strong momentum is where the money is for the trendy day weak momentum is where the money is for the literally reversals okay all clear sweet that's beautiful then the next particular video we'll talk about momentum and reversal trading we'll try to put everything together so we understand a little bit better all right that's freaking go
cnmtmmg5pfos72usgjogAll right, sir, we're here all right so far we have discussed what is reversal what's reversal in trading we have discussed Reversal trading candlestick patterns that kind of go with everything Market structures, you know, we discussed the three different type of market structures the three different types Of trading that actually is one is breakout trading second is retest trading and the third one is reversal trading Um, we also discussed momentum trading actually, um the whole reversal trailing RTC reversal trading confluence and then we went over momentum trading, um as a recap probably a you know Keeping reversal in kind of Vision right and then now we are on the next topic which is Momentum and reversal trading. Okay, so this is mostly a visual concept and there's no like, you know, no theoretical version So what i'm gonna do is because it's a mostly a visual concept I am simply going to show you the charts We'll kind of do some charts together, um, you know, try to make sense of stuff And we move forward from there Sounds cool. Okay now uh First things first Welcome to another video.All right So now let's get started. Let me move this out of the way and then we see the charts solely. All right Okay now This is spy This is spy Around 8 30.There was some news cbi numbers coming out or whatever. Um, and now This would happen big move down Right, our sucker strategy the bounce strategy. The sucker strategy simply says if the pre-market low Um breaks after such a big move, um, you know within the first five minutes if it breaks and then read Reclaims we can jump in calls.But in this case the first five is a five minute chart by the way Okay, there's a five minute chart the first five minute simply refused to break below the pre-market low So now the sucker strategy is out of the window, right? And then we'll look one candle at a time. All right, we'll look deeply what's happening So now we have this as an open price So now we have kind of you know, now we already know that it's bearish in the pre-market, right? Now we already kind of are aware that okay bearish in the pre-market sweet sweet sweet. That's all good Now we need to wait for a trend to kind of set up a little bit so we can kind of jump into a trade we can also use the pre-market as The whole like, you know, if you need to take a trade you kind of use this as a patience candle if you want to but Let's see Okay momentum pay attention to the momentum.So the candle is decent not massive It's like kind of the same candle, you know, the volume is decent Of course the first five minute volume of course going to be always crazy and then the volume usually drops a little bit All right so far good We need a downtrend Okay, we have established a downtrend, right? Yes now We can just say okay, there's might be a little trend line forming on the bottom You know, we still need to wait for a patient's candle, right? We're like, all right, there's a trend line forming on the bottom We have one two and three touches right here If it keeps going lower, um, or if it gives us a nice patient's candle, it can keep going lower But what are we doing here? We're gonna wait for the patient's candle, right? Next candle decided to go lower. But as soon as the pre-market low broke it kind of reclaimed Okay. Now
what did I tell you in the whole momentum stuff when we were discussing that? This candle usually a candle like that, you know something out of the blue around the critical level which is a pre-market usually this candle can be counted as a patient's candle and Because the volume this confirms So this particular volume right here and this candle right here.It confirms that okay. The stock might be just turning around, right? Um, you have a point Okay. So now that is all done.That doesn't mean we jump in straight away. We still kind of wait for Um, you know next candle to open and you see So right now we'll just go. Okay, this might be a level This would be a stop loss.Now that is quite wide but you know 80 cents Whatever if this breaks towards the upside will jump long, right? Okay, next candle opened never broke towards the upside. Sweet. This is out of the window now, right? That's it That's out of the window now.What else? What are we gonna do now There's two choices you have right here you can either use this as a patient's candle Right, but because it's kind of you know too wide also pre-market low kind of holding the pre-market low Around here a couple times This level is being held up buyers are coming up every time we try to break from last 10 minutes It's getting bought back up sweet If it breaks if this level breaks, this would be the stop loss it can go but you know Usually what's the what's the rule that we have? The rule the one rule that we use is also again We can't ignore the green candle a lot of a lot more volume, right? Usually the rule that we use is we need to see the patient's candles as a small candles Right. So now this is the this is the stuff What do we do? Do we use it as a patient's candle me personally? No, fuck. No I'm not interested But also Nah, not yet.Um, nothing. I nothing's sure. It's like kind of looks choppy to me personally.All right It looks like all right It wanted to go down pre-market played around a little bit bounce back up came down bounced again Kind of chop. I don't want to play my money. Uh, put my money into something that i'm not sure about right? All right decides to go sweet Right now it's kind of getting confirmed a little bit that you know might be this You know, this might just keep on going lower Right now, what do we have? Boom, it got rejected off this level But is that a patient's candle no, it's still making a new lows not a patient's candle We still need to wait for a patient's candle And now boom, we got a patient's candle sexy looking patient's candle Right volume is less It's looking beautiful Stop-loss would be right here entry would be right here Everything looking good.You're risking about what 40 cents to take this play. It's looking sweet Everything looking good downtrend from the pre-market Keep on going Gives us a patient's candle. Okay now what's happening here? Right now everything looks good Everything looks sweet, but there was a rule.There was a thing that I discussed with you when we were You know when I was showing you
the from the whiteboard If the stock breaks It usually goes from a level to level if it doesn't There's a reason behind it. We do not need to know the reason but we need to execute Right. Okay It tries to break we jump in That tries to break We jumped in we are in a play now And it decided to make a u-turn now This candle right here.It's pretty much a reversal candle. How can you say? The volume is Freaking more than these red candles Right. The volume is more than these red candles the previously that we had last few plus it Failed at a critical level where it should not have failed just that easy Right, right Okay Second the momentum of this move the downtrend move was pretty low Look at this how slow like buyers got, you know buyers picked up then again buyers kind of picking up now again more buyers picking up Now we know for a fact the sellers are not very sellers are not very strong.It's like yeah, whatever And we in a play now the moment this goes above this our stop loss gets triggered But that's exactly where you can execute and play this as a another play risking about 60 cents You jump out of your puts you jump in calls I know this is gonna be quick And you might be like but bro, I trade from a small account and I do not have enough capital Is your goal to always trade with small money is your goal to never get rich? No, your goal is to get rich So stop telling yourself, but oh, it's not relevant right now because you know, I do not have enough cash right now Yeah, one day you will have enough fucking cash. So just listen to me All right, one day you will have enough money to take these plays. So this is important All right.Now, what would I do? I would jump out of my puts i'll jump in calls straight away No freaking questions asked or rather I will jump in calls first and then jump out of my puts Now, I don't know if your broker lets you do that mine doesn't I have to sell then I have to buy books Okay Um, then I have to buy calls boom now we know for a fact if this particular level right here if this breaks because the reason why this is This is the highs. This is the lower highs and then it made the lows And so now we know for a fact if this particular level breaks towards the upside, we're gonna fly Right that level broke. That means the structure has failed now.We know the structure has failed Right open price call reclaim. This is where the stock stock market. This is where the um spy opened today It failed it's pushing now.We know okay high of the day could be the next pulling back Anything to worry about for you? No, not really now. I know the volume on this candle is enormous Unusual normal, there's nothing for us to kind of go in and be like, oh my god, let's let's jump in put No, it's still an uptrend You see what i'm saying here? We jumped in the reason why we jumped in Consistently we saw smaller and smaller candles. We had candles these candles are Freaking huge with a lot of volume, right? What happened we're trying to get to the high of the day Right we're trying to get to the high of the day Where do we take profits Should have taken some profits open price should take some profits at the high of the day as we have the rule Right some profits done this previous red candle had a lot of volume than the green one So personally me i'll be like, oh my god, I don't know man.
I kind of feel a little bit awkward See what i'm saying. So this is exactly where the momentum slowing down you can clearly Bro, you can clearly tell momentum slowing down how? All right, I waited enough, please stop stop stop thinking no momentum's not slowing down not yet Momentum's not slowing down not yet. That was just my my thing to make you think Momentum's not slowing down It's still good still looks good.Look at this. The red candles have less volume still looks good This could be used as a patient scandal You see them saying this could be used as a patient scale for the move towards the upside even one more time Now we got this trade beautiful trade freaking beautiful trade Now this could be um, 495.24 495.9 pretty good And what happened Personally what I think is it would have opened right here. It would have gone down then it would have went up Um based on what you know what we see, but regardless if it hits your stop loss Yeah, whatever you jumped out.You only risked about 20 cents anywhere 30 cents and now It tried to make a new highs. Look at the volume Now tell me what's happening It tried to make a new highs on this candle But check that volume nothing No volume What does that tell you? weak momentum Nobody's interested in buying this Huh? Does that mean we jump inputs? No We still need to wait for some confirmation Because this candle and this candle the two different big difference If this was a red candle inverted red with a lot of volume. Yeah, maybe but no boom Came back at the open price Came back at the open price.Sweet. What are we gonna do? Nothing. We still sit there.Wait, no problem I bounced off the open price sweet. What are we gonna do? Nothing Next what are we gonna do? Volume picked up we make new highs volume picked up looking good Okay pulling back a little bit what we're gonna do Less volume on these red candles look sweet. Can you use this as a patience candle? Look at the risk about we're risking about 40 cents, right 40-ish cents because this might be moving a little bit lower All right risking about 40 cents.Can we take this trade? Yes Bro Stop overthinking it. Yes See what i'm saying don't overthink don't please do not overthink when it's time to execute you execute you do not go Oh my god, but what if yeah, what if what? You see what i'm saying? What if what what's the worst thing they're gonna happen? It's your stop-loss Yeah, you caught this such a huge move from 493.8 To this high of the day 495.2 Yes, we You can catch doodle move, but when you lose you lose 20 cents 30 cents, that's okay All right Now what's happening here? We're making new highs check the volume We are making new highs on the day, but check the volume. Why is the volume not picking up? That should be your main concern right now.Nothing else Why is the volume not picking up? Because the buyers are not interested because literally this could be just a trap Because literally This could be simply a accumulation happened here Then we have the public phase And then we have this formal phase might be coming in and you know what happens after the formal phase a pullback big Retracement big pullback right a downtrend trend reversal weak momentum That's what can happen now This Probably
is a very very good spot to exit The reason why is couple times we try to get to this level. We cannot It's just those things that happening over and over again It's not able to break a critical level. The volume is not picking up not looking interested.Yeah, whatever whatever whatever probably jumping out is the best bet or This could be a patient scanner, too I'm just trying to make you think Why is this not a patient scanner the one that's setting up right now? Risk is pretty small. The volume is pretty decent Risk is about 30 cents Okay, so there's a patient scandal Now we're still in uptrend Even though the it's a weak uptrend we can clearly tell it's a weak momentum slow The push-in but still there's no actual signs of sellers taking over still buyers are getting weak but sellers are not getting stronger Because the red candles have no volume You see what i'm saying recently red candles have no volume So that doesn't mean the sellers are taking over. We need to bet when the sellers take over right Okay, we never entered because our entry is above this Our entry is not this Right, so now this is a risk to reward Quite wide quite wide on the day based on how the movement's happening quite wide Now the question is would you take this trade personally? The risk is too wide There's too wide especially whole day.We've been pushing at 20 30 cent risk. This is too much risk Look at the volume We made a new high check that volume Pay attention to that Even if you jumped in this trade, it's a good idea to get out the reason Very simple the volume's not picking up Does this kind of look like what was happening here look at this Ugly candles in the middle of nowhere kind of, you know playing around what's happening here. This was a clean move ugly candles Volumes actually dropping significantly even now new highs are making the volume still drop in A new high is made the volume still not picked up Kind of looks ugly.Yeah, whatever Kind of making us giving us a little patient scandal, but it still looks ugly Right, what would you do here Upside Upside Because a The buyers are getting weak All right. Let me write this down for you might make a little bit sense right kind of kind of like I kind of like right here We had Um on right this what we saw here was sellers got weak This is where the sellers are getting weaker and weaker and weaker and weaker tried to break couldn't What happened buyers got strong check out the volume the way the candle closed such a big candle but here what's happening Buyers are getting weak doesn't mean sellers are getting strong. We need to still wait for the sellers to kind of get strong Right.Now, how do the sellers get strong? Unless this is a 500 dollar mark If this is happening at a 500 mark, then you can play upside and downside and use this as a patient scandal But still it's still looking decent for the upside it still doesn't showing us that oh, yeah, it's gonna go down does it make sense What happened? boom What does that mean now? Does that mean? All right right here. This is for this point Um, i'll write another note now sellers are getting stronger for Right here, right They're getting stronger Why this is the previous low This is the this is how the trend kind of this killed the trend not gonna lie. But anyway, this is um the previous low It broke Okay.
Now we know that volume is picked up sellers are getting strong We still need to wait for a patient scandal, right? Right Still need to wait for a patient scandal fam. We're still waiting no stress But we know for a fact the volume is picking up those candles are looking good. The volume is picking up Way more than what was this fucking happening and the trend looks a little bit decent We're still waiting.We're still waiting. We're still waiting That is a patient scandal right there fam Bring this down That's a patient scandal happening right there boom What's happening? We're risking about what? 25 cents for a move Toward the downside most probably open price is gonna be the move The reason open price is still open fucking price. It's important price So that means if we have to take this trade the risk to reward basically would be this is the risk This is the reward We know for a fact shock Is reversed sellers are getting strong We are risking about 25 cents for a potential to make 35 cents that risking a dollar to make one and a half dollar That looks good We are in puts Boom Open price Usually open price is very very very critical.This is the open price indicator By the way, you can just go to open price, um in the indicator tab And just you should have this anyway. Anyway, this trade is done You can hold your runners if you want to as a break-even stop-loss, but this trade is done And this is what happened the next candle You see what's happening What happened here? Reversal now this this kind of looks like again reversal. This looks like oh my god It could be just this buyers might be getting strong now Oh, man, buyers might be getting strong.What if you know, the volume's nice. Everything's nice Yeah, you're right buyers might be getting strong But lately we haven't seen sellers getting weak either here buyers got weak And then sellers got strong here sellers are still strong and just the buyer got stronger There's like a party competing both strong party Right because the buyers are still strong The buyers just got strong sellers are still strong. You see what i'm saying? Because we haven't seen the candles getting weird What's happening? This might be a little bit later in the day.It's probably Probably for the best that we jump into a 10 minute chart when we are kind of playing around with this Uh, but what's happening here You can kind of probably it's the best idea if we jump on a 10 minute chart Please stay on this Please please please please don't fuck around with the charts Okay, actually didn't All right now what's happening so basically We had buyers getting buyers got a bit stronger, okay sellers Are still decent not probably not as strong as buyers, but we still gotta wait We gotta wait for a patient scandal This is I wouldn't consider this as a patient scandal. The only reason is the buyers were just too strong I still gotta you know, especially when i'm playing reversals I when i'm playing reversals i'm kind of taking a super easy i'm taking like i'm letting the trend set up I do not go in there be like, oh, yeah, i'm the big guy I'm not All right. I'll let the trend set up fully now this happened.We had this weird candle come up in the middle of nowhere Now this is happening. That means this weird candle is like not no longer fucking usable So now that this volume is nice now i'm getting interested now. It's like oh my god, especially when i'm playing Especially when i'm
playing reversals, I do not assume When you're playing one-sided trend you can assume with reversals if you start assuming reversal trading will simply mean to play How to fight the trend for you.We do not want to fight the trend We never want to fight the trend and I do not want you to fight the trend let the trend set up And then play the reversals You see them then Okay, clearly we know trend is picked up, okay, okay Okay, we got a patient's candle right there now boom What we were waiting for we got a patient's candle right here looks freaking sexy right Congratulations. Congratulations Because you just made boatloads of money See what i'm saying Of course profit taking goes at the hourly level And that's what we do whole day every day again, fam Any candle happening in the middle of like do not get excited by Oh my god, bro. Why didn't you play reversal here? Why didn't you play a reversal here? But there's a difference between this candle and this candle.There's a difference between them This candle is clearly freaking super strong than this Even though they both hammer candles Right this candle happened below this particular level pre- market law and kind of reclaimed the pre-market law This one. Yeah, it was just a pussy candle pretty much See what i'm saying So that's why we do not pay attention to much of this shit And then it goes down Make sense Flip your bias. That's what basically this whole momentum reversal trading then we go when we kind of put all this together It simply means for us is we need to start, um, you know, we need to simply start putting shit together as okay Um, whatever your bias is whatever you think can happen Whatever is happening is more important than whatever you think can happen and we need to be quick in changing Our fucking mentality.Okay. Um, this is upside. Oh, nah upside is getting weak.All right, you know what? I'm, uh, i'll play the downside and shit like that, right? Um, so, all right, let's go do the five-minute chart again We'll do one more. Okay, just play the next day. Fuck it All right Now we have this next day wait for the pre-market to open because I do not know i'm not drawing any hourly level So I don't know where to take profits and shit.So that's why it's kind of Okay Here we go markets open in the pre-market. We kind of gapped up Right in the pre-market we gapped up right here And then this is a pre-market high the moment pre-market high fails, what do we do we play puts Right called sucker strategy. I broke up.I explained this sucker strategy in the past Okay, go watch the modules again if you don't know So now pre-market high it gapped up. Look at this close your 494 opening at 495 Sweet and gapped up trying to break now sitting at 497 Pre-market high trying to break this pre-market high couldn't break failed All right, that's reversal number one that we play using this one simple thing and over and over again. We do this All right.This is a sweet move from 497.2 to 490 Literally six that's one dollar and 20 cent move This is a
big move and usually for me the profit taking for this usually is like the pre-market levels or sometimes it's also VWAPs Okay, but here the VWAP was sitting right there So VWAPs kind of if the VWAP sitting roughly in our pre-market areas usually where I take profits. All right anyway now The the downtrend picked up now, what are we waiting for patience candle Boom What do we do here do we use this particular candle as a patience candle So personally for me the risk to Personally for me the risk is too freaking wide. Look at this as a reversal.Fuck. No, i'm not playing around Bro, the risk is what a dollar one dollar risk For this reward where I have to day I have to take some profits No, i'm not doing it Fuck it Our patience candle setting up, but is it actually a patience candle towards the downside? Would you so far it's chop early morning We caught the trade and this happened and this this is no trend patience candle in the middle of nowhere fucking when no trend Doesn't mean shit right now I do not respect it. Nope Trend is not there.Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.Nothing trend is not there. All right Made new highs volumes decent sweet made new highs volume is decent sweet Tried to make new highs volume still decent sweet right Now we give it getting a patience candle. Boom.Look at the size of fucking this patience candle and compared to this my goodness Patience candle right here. Boom Looking good Isn't it? We're risking about what 40 cents looking good. So the next candle if it breaks is 498 That's 497.9. That's probably a play for us to catch towards the upside Oh, what happened we never jumped in sweet no problem Yeah went to the open price oh looks like the sellers are getting strong Right sellers might be picking up.Oh my god right Oh, that looks like a patient scandal and this Looks like probably a trend line. This looks like probably a trend line setting up Okay, okay. Okay.Yesterday was super weak I give it Yesterday was super weak. This might be a trend line setting up This might be a patient scandal setting up really really nicely here The trend clearly freaking one on reverse the volumes picking up on these red candles this pullback candle this green candle Have no volume that clearly tells us that the sellers are not really interested in selling Um, the buyers are not really interested in having this stock bounce Make sense Yes or no? Like they are not really interested these buyers are not really interested to have this stock bounce Otherwise this volume would be a little bit more Right Right. So what's the play here? downside We are risking about what 30 cents For a potential move towards low of the day, let's see how um how big of a reward risk reward that is So this is the risk right here.We Are taking a play towards low of the day right here That looks pretty decent. Yo, we're risking 35 cents for a one dollar move To me that looks pretty good, right? Okay, boom And it went Up That's good volume picked up That's good still more than this green candle compare relatively compare boom 200 moving average approaching Roughly we have five cents, right? But yeah 20 moving average approaching Pullback might be there Okay, we got a pullback
sweet 11 o'clock, you know Probably a good idea to jump on a 10 minute chart So let's just jump on a 10 minute chart on this Okay 10 minute charts here boom What do we see here 200 moving average almost on a five minute chart sitting right at the bottom but on this Nowhere to be found sweet 11 o'clock done. We do not have any 200 moving average sitting right there now right Now we already took some profits stop-loss is break-even now where we entered stop-loss is break-even sweet.Let's see what happens Okay kind of give us a patient's candle now, let's get rid of this make this a patient's candle Okay, so we're risking about what? There's probably be about 80 cents 70 cents, okay Boom never broke towards the downside. So would we count this as a patient's candle? Of course Of course 100 1000 percent Risk 90 cents. So wait If this breaks towards the downside we jump in What what just happened? Hang on a minute Everybody hang on.Hang on. Hang on. Hang on Hang on Did we just get a fucking candle That is as small All right, okay, okay, okay now the risk to reward there's a 10 minute chart by the way And we got a patient's candle that looks Like that love the day Probably risking about 20 cents to potentially make a dollar This is where you size up Now what happened? Let's see boom boom boom boom This one thing would have paid you already already but anyway Volume's picking up.It's looking sweet Everything's looking good hits your profit target should have taken some off Let your runner run just in case if the runner goes let your runner run And probably most probably let's say your runner got stopped out and stuff like that. Whatever, right? This is how you play reversals, this is how you let this this is how you watch the charts This is how you let the stuff happen. Let the stuff settle down And we played the we played the downside In the morning we played the downside then we played the upside or we actually didn't play the upside Then we played the downside again, then we played the downside again boom this is how you'll be able to literally leave your fucking stupid day job that you want to quit and just Be over with this whole thing This is called momentum and reversal trading kind of putting together both Okay Does it make sense? I know this video went a little bit long But it was very important to kind of show you how this whole thing works, please Maybe it's a good idea to re- watch this video One second is called practice at least three or five charts what I did just with the just do and third You're fucking killing it grab a drink you deserve it.All right. I'll see you soon. Let's fucking go
cnmtmmo5pfos72usgjp0All right, welcome back to another video. In this video we're gonna literally do a chart analysis. I'm gonna show you 7-10 charts, 10-ish charts and you know, it's gonna be a lot of fun.All right, let's get to it. By the way, so far you're doing really really well. I'm really proud of you that you're pushing through, you're getting shit done, you're making time for your future.It's very hard to put in time, especially when you have a busy life. I totally understand you have family, you're literally sitting down, you could be doing anything but you're spending time doing this. I promise you, universe falls in love with a stubborn heart.If you're stubborn, universe falls in love with you and magic happens when you literally, literally, magic happens when you want to quit but you keep going and you push through. That's where the magic happens. All right, let's get to it.Some of the chart examples and let's fucking go. Now, the first example that I have for you right here is spy. Okay, I want you to kind of pay attention to this.So we were in a downtrend right here. Okay, so what I'll do is I'll grab a pen from right here, pen two. Oh, let me hang on.Pen, oh fuck sake. Oh my god, I'm so bad with the technology. Okay, I'll move myself back.Okay, so what happened here was we were making a downtrend, right, sweet downtrend and what basically happened here was... All right, so basically what happened here was we were in a downtrend and from the pre-market, as I told you before, pre-markets are important. Now, here we've made a patient scandal and it didn't go according to the plan. Now, I told you that every time it doesn't go where we want it to go, there's a reason behind it.We do not need to know the reason but there is something that's happening and, you know, so but this is a five-minute chart and I checked the two-minute chart. It kind of gave a beautiful entry and you can catch this move towards this 200 moving average on a five-minute chart. Would have been a beautiful move.All right, now lately we've been, I've been trading two and five minutes confluence like all this put together and it's been working really, really awesome. If you want to watch more in detail, I did a class the other day go on your ongoing education portal. Okay, just stop right here on your ongoing education portal.I think the class is something called a new way to trade the market. All right, that's what it's literally called and it's called number 14. It's, that's the number on it, number 14 new ways to look at the charts in your ongoing portal.All right, so we are basically looking for a confluence on two and five. So basically what
happened here was there was a 200 moving average sitting on the top right here and on a two- minute chart we had multiple touches of it and then it gave us a patience candle which is a reversal candle but here I want you to pay attention to this volume. Not a lot, not significant enough volume for us to kind of think maybe it is going to reverse right maybe it's not significant enough to just simply go down but at the same time I want you to pay attention to this one thing when I was on it on this five on this two-minute chart I saw this as well even here I will break down 200 moving average as I broke down in the previous video 200 moving average very critical okay very very critical and also if you kind of pay attention to this the volume is not significant it's like we're trying to push on a low volume volume really picks up on maybe 10 o'clock there was some news because of this volume and that's when the volume really picked up.Now imagine you have your stop loss right at the top the moment this breaks that's when you're going to put jump inputs if this breaks you can jump in cold if you want to and this is the trade you got a move to open price that's risking this much for potential move of this that looks like one to three risk to reward pretty good and you have some runners and those runners pay pay pay pay as well that's freaking awesome right I kind of want to want you to pay attention to every time it made a new lows on the day the volume was significant every time it made a new lows on the day the volume was significant the volume significant but till here we try to make make new lows the volume dropped that's momentum slowing down that's how you know that okay from the previous module that we had momentum the momentum slowed down to a point where literally just can't go any further and it what happens it's actually reverse but this 200 moving average this is where the confluences play a big part and reverses right I'll show you some more examples as we move forward as well for this particular example what I did was I drew some lines so we can compare spy's action with apple's action okay so spy till 11 o'clock was spy was trending up clearly clearly we can tell that apple got rejected off this 200 moving average in the morning even though spy was kind of playing around this had a significant reversal that we played towards the downside right doing a moving average over and over and over again three four touches and the move paid right this is clearly relatively weaker than the market market's going up this is coming down but then one hour of market chop led to one hour of market chop from 11 to 12 and then 12 to 13 this is when the market decide to turn flip around and here I want you to pay attention to we made a new law we made a new law look at this volume on this particular candle significantly less than look at this this volume is significantly less than the previous green candles so that means this green candle had more volume than this particular candle that's making a new law that's a clear clear sign of us literally knowing that okay it do not want to move lower or the momentum has gone to a stage where it cannot go any lower because the volume significantly dropped from the previous times we were making lawyers right now of course midday volume usually drops as well so you do not have to take my word on it you do not have to just execute straight away it reversed it gave you entry a little bit later it took you one fucking hour to wait for the entry no problem but when it gave you entry look this is the risk that you took right what 20 cents it made a move all the way to the open price all the way to on a moving average and this is where
you get paid this is like literally 20 cents is a risk for one dollar reward that's one to five that means every one dollar that you risk you make five bucks make sense this is how reversals work they pay but reversal trading does not mean try to fight the trend does not mean you go long here it means okay reversed sweet let me wait for the action because there's no confluence we need to wait for the action if like here there's a confluence you do not need to wait for you know full um full um you know um confirmation right but on this particular chart particular example we do not have anything as confluence not to want to move an average no open price none of that stuff so we wait okay another one another one right here spy what's happening clearly we're chopping around playing around there's two on a moving average clearly like as i said the first rule of literally the first rule of reversal trading or normal trading is we need some sort of trend already if there's no trend you cannot reverse the trend you see what i'm saying you like you cannot quit drugs if you're not doing drugs you need to you have to have a bad habit which is a good habit in this case you know you have to have the trend in order for the trend to reverse but then we picked up the trend even though this looks ugly this looks so dry this looks ugly absolutely ugly but then it kind of touched here a couple times touched here again and kind of give you a little patience kind of that you want to see on spy and it moved lower but on this side here it's the same day same everything on this side here i want you to kind of pay attention to what happened was even though this was being choppy this is kind of forming this little trend line on the bottom you see it one two three and then finally broke the trend line gave you a patient scandal right here and next candle went notice next candle went and it paid right paid another entry paid now the only thing that i want you kind of take away from this is when you you know a lot of a lot of people make this bad habit of trying to watch spy too closely when you're trading your name just pick pick it up okay this is spy spy is being choppy but apple is being trending down that means apple is relatively weaker than spy okay it's not following spy at all but because spy has been choppy and apple still going down now if spy goes down apple's gonna flush apple's gonna run down that's exactly what happened here this is where it dumped this is where it dumped right this is just like influences working together right and then we have another one spy right here we have sign of spy deciding to go up a little bit trying to then got rejected whatever whatever whatever right i'll kind of give would have given you a nice entry here but anyway i want you to pay attention to this for a minute what happened on amazon even though spy is playing around whatever it's doing apps amazon's like you know decent has the confluences on the bottom now 200 moving average confluence has to hold here can't just break below right if we were still trading the downside on this particular chart we were still doing the downside we'll still wait for the patience candle for our trade toward the downside but it reversed it reversed massive right when it reversed from here that doesn't tell you jump in because the condition is three four touches of the 200 it can kind of make a wick but not fully have a candle below it when it reversed this is a confluence even though it's being choppy a little bit but lately it just came back from this 173.7 to all the way to this 175.5 and then it pulled back lately has a minor trend it started a minor trend from just this two dollar move that i just made within last 15 minutes now pulling back this is a move that you could have caught make sense and now give you another patient scandal tries to go and made a new half the day as i said which is normal you
know in half the day is what we're aiming for um it goes and it rejects sweet sweet now does that mean we wait for patients cannot move toward the downside only if it tries to make new lows of the day and it fails then we can look for reversal or it tries to make new highs of the day with patient scandal it fails then we can look for the reversal but in this case there's no confluence it tried to make new high of the day after the patient scandal and it did look at this candle it was able to make a new high of the day right can you still catch a reversal of this not if you do not have any influence there's no no entry kind of coming up you see what i'm saying it's been strong from last whole morning and the trend of course failed the structure has failed but that's it you can call it a day or if you want to try you can try but stop loss it's don't keep trying over and over again okay then we have this spy we have spy and amazon one more time right now what happened on what happened on spy was as soon as the spy opened made a green candle then it kind of reversed sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet whatever whatever whatever but on this particular one right here right here it decided to come back retest our open price what did i say either 200 moving average or open price retest and it kind of gives you a little dodgy candle you can give it a shot towards the downside now you can but if you want to wait for a patient scandal this is a patient scandal right here that will pay as well same stuff goes on here this will pay as well okay now you can first point 200 or open price second point is you can use it as a reject or bounce or you can use it as a reversal okay reject or bounce simply means as soon as it touches it reverses and you jump in straight away like the moment this particular candle fails reversal simply means we wait for it to kind of set up give us a patient scandal then you want to take it that will pay as well okay there's two ways to play this sweet which one you want to play base really depends on um how risky you want to be this one is definitely more risky um this one is more safer make sense okay now another one it kind of also you know try to make a new law here the volume significantly dropped and you know you know what happened you know the drill another one spy what happened here spy it was in a downtrend as soon as the market opened it tries to push give you trying kind of a patient scandal but the trend was really really not there even though the downtrend failed the uptrend really didn't pick up so no stress no problem but around this 200 moving around this open range this is um this is an open price it kind of gave you a scandal really really nice patience candle over there you could have caught this move or you could have got move from here or even this as a patient use this as a patient's candle catch the move this is a patient's candle this is a patient's handle this is a patient's candle catch the move but then this is the highs the volume on the highs is decent then these red candles are picking up all these red candles have more volume look at this how many don't don't don't don't don't the green candles have less volume the red candles are picking up in volume what does that tell you that tells you okay might be sellers might be getting interested clearly there's a level next time we went to touch the level the volume on these green candle was significantly smaller look at this we tried to go the volume is significantly dropping and then we had this I'm not saying use this for an entry sweet this dump happened okay I get it you missed it okay I get it but these red candles have more volume now this red candles some simply what it does for us is it starts confirming that okay we are in a downtrend now it reversed reversal has happened volume has picked up we might be in a downtrend and then this candle gives you an entry for a move towards the
downside make sense so you're risking this much for a potential reward towards open price or the 200 moving average even the 200 moving average is significant one to two reward arm this one would be one two three reward and it dropped even further right so basically what I'm saying is you do not have to take a rejection play right at the top or it's getting rejected no wait wait let it set up sweet volumes there let it confirm then wait for a patient scandal once it gives you a patient scandal that could be your entry okay all right now let's look at the next one spy spies being choppy spy this is the pre-market range you know whole day it's been playing around up and down like a seesaw then finally it kind of you know forming this little trend line finally broke wait whatever still after this big candle still the price looks kind of you know not really really nice but even if you did take a trade or whatever the thing that I wanted to show you here is we were coming down then this big confluence of the 200 moving average on a 5- minute chart happened 200 on a 5 minute chart confluence happened and we saw a very bullish candle notice such a hammer candle right volume is nice this is nice okay now you can use this either just this for entry stop-loss right here or you can simply wait for the trend to pick up like we did in this case so the trend picked up gave you a patient scan a little bit later no stress one patient scandal is the second one this is first this is a second and you caught a move towards the upside I have the day pre-market high this shit pays so once you kind of start looking at if you missed a trend start looking okay 20 moving averages approaching will be fun if you see a little reversal happening and you know I'll wait for the reversal to kind of confirm and then I will take a trade make sense you do not have to and jump in the moment you see oh my god oh my god no no no no no patience pays the patient hand that waits patiently to be paid how sexy that patience pays the patient hand that waits patiently to be paid you do not have to jump in to wait patiently will give you an entry clearly there's a reversal happening I'll give you an entry when it did when it does make sure you have if you do keep taking trades here bro and it doesn't fucking work your confidence will get hurt and next time when you see a setup like this you will not jump in be just because you be like oh but last time it didn't work and confidence preservation is a lot like is big capital preservation confidence preservation you kept mental preservation this is a lot this goes a long way okay another example what we had here trying to you know no trend and then to open price break okay okay okay nothing here and then this candle give you an entry there's just a normal patient scandal right there's a normal patient scandal normal patient scandal goes down pays you pretty good there's the risk that you're taking and there's a reward that you got paid you pretty good right now here you can like you can see okay this particular candle in this particular candle looks like a lot of volume and it's kind of a bearish candle maybe this is a maybe this is a reversal gonna happen so this is where I'm trying to say here is patience you do not have it to take a trade right there you don't have to take a trade right there rather you wait for the trend to pick up and then give you a patient scandal to enter but here the trend never picked up so what happened no stress don't worry about it but this move was sexy if you got this you see what I'm saying it's kind of very much like okay around these critical levels I need to be careful and this is how I'm gonna be careful this is what I'm gonna do this is what I should be doing this is the stuff that I gotta be doing moving forward all right and this is how you play it sweet now another one right here what did we see price in the pre-market kind of playing around choppy and then as soon as the
market open we tried to pick up an uptrend but there is a 200 moving average that is holding the price the open range is holding the price at the bottom like this is literally not the open range but I'm sorry the open price is holding the price at the bottom 200 moving average is holding the price at the top right right what do we need to do we need to wait now clearly we saw this particular candle what did I say here even here even here what did I say wait for the trend to pick up we saw this particular candle has decent volume so wait you do not have to jump in straight away you wait and it reverses started reversing this kind of becomes a little patient scandal right if you do not like that patient scandal then it kind of give you another patient scandal boom then it kind of gave you another patient scandal boom at the end of the day fam it's all about execution it's all about fucking staying awake looking at stuff being like all right you know what stuff is setting up if this is setting up nicely it's breaking the levels that I wanted to break it's going the way I wanted to go okay I need to execute and you execute to your best of the ability and this is how you make money you get my point literally there's no cheat codes man there's not none it's all about you understanding this whole game it's all about understanding this whole structure which is gonna make you a lot of a lot of cash okay in the next upcoming modules I have you know I have psychology covered I'm covering the psychology it's gonna be the best course you're gonna probably have 50 60 videos the reason why that course would be so that little mod that one big fuck module would be so important would be I'll be trying to put everything together all this all these waves we trade the stuff that's probably bothering you the things that you're making mistake with even though you have a system and how you get over that and how I got over that stuff and I paid so much money to my mentors try and learn this psychologist that psychologist is that didn't didn't I paid so much money to people over the years that literally it went I now I'm looking back I was like oh my god was it worth it yes every single mistake that you are making in the like I've made every single mistake in the books every single mistake how I got over them how I got over them winning and then you know blowing up and then I'm scared I got over or I started with this much and I'm not able to recover how I got over that little confidence thing inside me that not letting me take the trades my executions are getting affected all this stuff plus like hundred I've interviewed so many psychologists I've like literally spoken to so many people who are expert in their field to kind of give me what they think about this how can they see like I only worked with myself and I so I there's you know there's a limit of experience in it but I spoke to big big big big psychologists who have trained hundreds and thousands of day traders like thousands of day traders and they have literally have thousands of day traders get to the money and I'm like okay sweet this makes so much sense how about this how about this and we have covered like that one module probably costed like it costed me big it costed me but I'm talking like I'm talking like twenty twenty thousand thirty thousand plus but it's so it's gonna be a key component and the moment you start doing the next module it just gonna start making so much sense shit things gonna be like oh my god this this is it this is this this this this is it now I know but again it should don't come easy you know there's a lot of because at the end of the day trading is all about this is trading all right trading is about 90% and 10% this is the measurement or this is the percentages 10% is skill the stuff that you're learning right now and you are making so much money by just learning the skill imagine when you learn the 90%
mindset 90% mindset includes psychology the way you look at the market how you manage your wins or you manage your losses all sort of stuff and you're gonna be skyrocketed literally so if 10% skill can does so much good to you 90% is gonna literally change your life right that's my goal so you doing very well please there might be another one video left for this module do not start the next module straight away take a break relax maybe take a couple days off I want your mental being to be so fresh before you start the next module because next we're gonna so far we're talking about this 10% next one we're gonna talk about 90% and next few modules are going to make you a fucking court like you're gonna be a greatest of all time next few modules that's what we're gonna cover how we're gonna do it you know me slow steady process and we're gonna turn you into a fucking machine that's what I'm gonna do so don't start the next module straight away do the next video finish this module off and then you jump into the actual money bets then you jump into the mindset trainings and all sort of stuff and we're gonna literally be I we're gonna we're gonna make we're gonna break a lot of bread together I'm telling you all right that's all I have for you for this particular video let's fucking go you caught this and watch the next video straight away keep the momentum rolling and after that take a couple days off all right I'll see you soon
cnmtmmpsobjc72u69v8gGoing on, yeah, I'm sure you can hear me now. Yeah, all right, now we're going to go over a topic which is called times to play confluence. Okay, we're going to look at some confluences.How does this confluence work? What does reversal mean? How does this whole thing game goes? So the first chart that I have for you here is this QQQs, right? Look at this QQQs, I try to highlight the stuff that I think you should be paying attention to and stuff like that, right? So first thing first, in the pre-market, look at this, we're making, I need to choose, why the heck is it, I need to actually just go here. Okay, what's happening here is we have a low, we have a high-low, high-low, high-low, high-low, and then this trend fails right here. See this, the pre- market we were in the uptrend, this trend fails this moment, right? Okay, gives us a patient scandal, take a trade towards the downside, there's 200 moving average, right, sitting right here, and then what happened at the bottom, I want you to pay attention to roughly say this area, okay? I want you to pay attention to at the bottom, I know for some reason you can't really see what I'm drawing, whatever, I want you to pay attention to here, sweet.All right, now let's look at this and try to make sense of what's happening, right? So 200 moving average is sitting right there, then we have this particular candle, look at this, such a huge wick on the bottom, right, such a crazy wick on the bottom, huge wick, what that wick tells us is some buyers are interested, otherwise we would not see such a buying wick at the bottom, this is a buying wick, but that all is happening at the 200 moving average, this buying wick is happening there. Now, should you take a trade right here using this? I would say no, you can, but I would say no, but use this as a sign of trend reversal. Now, we do not need to take a trade right now, but that usually becomes a sign of reversal.If we need to catch a move towards the downside, if I were you, I would wait for it to fail this particular level, at least this 200 moving average for me to kind of use this as a patience candle, take a trade towards the downside, I'd rather have a candle close below it, give me a patience candle for an entry, use it to catch a move towards the downside, but here in this particular case, we do not go below, sweet. But now, this candle is, you know, that we can call it dodgy candle, okay, it's a dodgy candle. Next candle, we have some buyers.Now, I understand doesn't have a lot of volume, it doesn't have a lot of volume, we're still waiting, we do not jump into a trade yet, right. Then, this right here, as I said before, stocks go from level to level, if it does not work, if LTP does not work, there's a reason behind it. We do not need to know the reason, doesn't matter what's reason, we do not need to know the reason, right, but there's still a reason, make sense? We do not need to know the reason, but there's still a reason, it failed.So, I want you to do is, right here, use this as a patience candle, because we know there's a dodgy candle at the bottom, you know, it tried to go, couldn't, by the time the candle closes, all right, maybe it's the best bet to take a trade. Otherwise, let's say you jump into puts here, and
you get stopped out, right here, you get stopped out, sweet, now we, it's confirmed, it has confirmed that we started a little uptrend thing, right, so what happened here is, we got a patience candle right here, I want you to use this as a patience candle to take a trade towards the upside. If it fails once, please, please, please, please, please, especially around the critical levels, please do yourself a favor, if it fails once here, right, if it fails once on this particular candle, don't think the next one would be interesting.There's a reason why, the reason why this didn't work, we do not need to know the reason, use this candle as a patience candle, stop loss, and it's a good reward towards 200, towards the open price, this open price, and that's about, this is a risk, and this is a reward. You can easily tell that's about, if that's a dollar, that's about four dollars, right, beautiful risk to reward, you see what I'm saying, and that's how you catch reversals. This is called confluence, the confluence here is, we have a dodgy candle at the bottom, and we have, we have one dodgy candle, second, we have 200, third, we have a fail LTP, right, fourth, that we have is patience candle for our entry right here, that pushed the price towards the upside, right, that make sense, this is how the confluences work, especially with 200 movement average, it becomes a very, very, very high probability play, okay, in the next example, I'll give you, so this is a two minute chart, the previous one was a five minute chart, and because it was happening after 10 o'clock, so now, another example happening in this, 9.30 to 10, 200 moving average on a two minute chart, very strong, very, very strong, okay, what's happening here is, we were in a kind of, you know, job fest, holding these levels really nicely, as soon as the market opened, it tried to go down, then it, you know, reclaimed, the trend killed on this particular candle, reversed, kind of gave you a patience candle right here, tried to go, failed, sweet, I get it, but on a two minute chart, it's a little bit risky to play this, but there is two rewards, usually pretty fucking good, what I want you to do is, if it's getting rejected like three or four times, three to four times, we have something getting rejected of a critical level, here the confluence was two confluences, one is a hourly level, second one was 200 moving average as well, okay, so there's two big confluences sitting right there, and it's not able to push down, even in the past, this level was a critical level in the pre-market as well, what happened, where would the stop-loss be? Stop-loss can just go above this, right, now you could have entered this, stop-loss above this, right, or you wait for three or four touches, and then you enter, maybe after it's about to touch this, wherever, but usually the stop-loss profit target would be low of the day, as soon as it low of the day hits, you jump out, or open price, if the risk to reward makes sense, okay, now here, on this particular example, it broke away, three to four touches, what we want, okay, so wait, this is how you play confluences, another example, again, two minute chart, 200 moving average, this is what we're trying to play, right, now, what happened here is, pay attention, man, what the heck is going on, calm the fuck down, we have one, two, three, right, we have a, we're waiting for a patience candle, but every time it's making a new noise, my patience candles are getting ruined, all right, I get it, now, if you miss this trade, you still watch this for a patience candle, look at this, you missed this whole thing, this became a patience candle, and based on the risk to reward, this is your risk, your reward, next hourly level, and then the next hourly level, right, this probably is 1.5 to 1, this probably becomes a bigger reward, does it make
sense, this is where the 10 o'clock hits, right, two, sorry, three to four touches of 200 moving average on a two minute chart, reversal, this is how reversal works, stop loss just goes below it, make sense, right, another one that happened here that I want you to pay attention to for one minute is gonna be, let me get rid of all this, another one that happened here is right here, at the critical level, at this critical level, we had a big rejection, now, I know the stop loss here is quite wide, but for example, let's say if this was like this, a red candle, right, you can use that at a critical level as a patience candle and try to play the downside towards open price, towards 200 moving average, towards next hourly level, make sense, so you can take a trade from this point onwards towards the downside if this candle was a little bit little, not otherwise, okay, especially till 10 o'clock, you can play around, all right, now, another example that I have, I have couple more, another example that I have here is SPY, this is a 10 minute chart now, 200 moving average, 10 minute chart, beautiful, right, anyway, in the morning, it was very, very trendy, whatever, after 11 o'clock, somewhere around here, we saw a trend towards the downside pickup, and then 200 moving averages right here, 506, we have, so what are the things we have here, we have 200, we have hourly level, right, these are critical zones, these are critical, critical confluence, and then we got a hammer candle right here, look at this, on a 10 minute chart, insane amount of volume, right, insane amount of volume on a 10 minute chart of this particular confluence of the 200 and this, right, now, you do not need to take this because the register reward is quite wide, but then it goes down, gives you a nice patience candle, this would be a beautiful entry for a move towards the upside, right, maybe about till here, okay, or even intraday levels, like such, something like this, where a lot of touches happen, you can kind of sell a little bit there as well, does it make sense, right, sweet, beautiful, this is called confluences, so we looked at, what did we look at, we looked at 2 minute chart, we looked at 5 minute chart, the first example, we looked at 10 minute chart, look at this, 2, 5, now, the last one that I have right here, SPY again, 10 minute charts, 200 moving average, we have 1, 2, 3, 4 touches happening, okay, prices going up and down in seesaw, so by 11 o'clock happens right here, on this particular candle, we got a nice patience candle pushed up, if you don't wanna use this as a patience candle, you wait for the next patience candle for a move towards the upside, but the high of the day would be a profit taken, but this is literally it, fam, you watch your 200, either you want a hammer candle on it, such strong one, or a strong one, or you want a strong 200 moving average hammer candle, or at the 200, you want 3, 2, 4 touches, make sense, like in this case, 3 to 4 touches, in this case, strong hammer candle, in this case, 3 to 4 touches, right, in this case, we saw actual hammer candle, strong hammer candle at critical level, in this case, 3 to 4 touches, right, in this case, only one touch happened right here, and nothing, it couldn't do nothing about it, in this case, strong hammer candle, right, make sense, this is called confluence, this is how you play confluence, basically, the rules of confluence are very, very simple, as I broke down, first thing that you need is a strong level, okay, and a previous trend, right, if you do not have a, say, previous trend, you cannot play a reversal, okay, a trend is required, sweet, then you need a 200 moving average, okay, 200 moving average, 3 to 4 touches, or, or strong BA, strong price action bounce, okay, third thing that you need is a critical level, just the only thing that I'm going to write down or take away from this literally is gonna be this, more the confluence, better it is for you to take a trade, and more the
confluence, better it is for you to take a trade, more touches of a level or 200 moving average makes it better candidate for a bounce or reversal, bounce usually happens quick, bounce usually happens quick, right, but reversals takes a few candles, for example, reversal take, took its sweet time, a few candles, right, bounce happens quick, within a candle, it pushes, look at this, within a candle, right, right here, right here, within a candle, it pushed, right, but reversals take sweet time, like, look at this, few touches, you get my point, quite a few touches, once we had those, it pushed, right, bounces and reversals, this is the point, this is a reversal, now you can trade both, this is a bounce, happens quick, reversals take a little bit of time, make sense, that's all we have here in the next video, we're gonna talk, look at a lot more examples, breaking stuff down a little bit in, you know, a couple, I'll give you about 5, 10 examples, we'll see how this whole thing works, we'll see how the reversals work, we'll see what are the things that we need to be careful about and that about it, I already gave you a lot of examples, but for now, this is all I have, I'll see you in the next one, I know this could be a little bit confusing, I understand, but I promise you, longer you do this, better you're gonna get that reversals, now you might think that I do not play reversals, no, I play reversals all the time, I just don't call them out, the reason, because I know I haven't educated you to this date about reversals, moving forward, you'll see me quite call out reversals in the discord as well, okay, that's all I have, see you later, goodbye.
cnmtmn574als72ubsr70All right, what is going on fam? Hope you're doing well This is the last video of the module and you have killed this module literally smashed it So now let's quickly do a quick little overview of what we have discussed so far and um, you know Probably going to be a good little test for you to see if you fucking even grabbed something or not So the first thing that we covered was what is reversal now, you know, what is reversal? Remember the train example the train gets to this point and then reverses gets to this point And that's reversal every time we throw something in the air There's a point where it stops and it kind of reverses right and then what is reversal in terms of trading? We discussed what sort of things you need to be looking for, you know, what is actually it means Based on the charts and you know Some sort of examples that I gave you and then we went over reversal trading the candlestick patterns What candlestick patterns actually mean reversals? This sort of candlestick patterns whenever they are happening This means the market can be a little bit weaker and we could be paying attention to this stuff Right, especially when they're happening at either 200 moving average or open price, right? And then we suppose then we literally went deeper into three different types of market structures that are there You know the market structures one is this other one is either this or this and third one is this incomplete And we also spoke about three types of trading one is breakout second one is retest and the third one is The fake out shake out Right, and we discussed how we trade them sort of things that we need to be careful about and then we went over reversal trading confluences where I literally showed my Ipad and I recorded my screen and you watch that beautiful And then we went over momentum trading recap so we did a full recap of the momentum momentum module the previous one and we try to look at Through the lenses of reversal trading and that was so freaking important for your Success in this reversal module and then we went over and looked at momentum and reversal trading how they kind of play hand in hand together And you know, how can you make boatloads of money if you understand both of them and then we went to what? Times to play confluence and we played a lot of confluence together and I showed you a lot of examples and I you know We went over in details what sort of stuff that actually matters the stuff that doesn't matter and you took a lot of notes Which I hope you did you might have to re-watch this and then we did chart examples You might have to re-watch this whole module because I know for a fact Um the first time when you watch it, it might be like yeah, whatever if you're somebody who's thinking Yeah, I don't need to re-watch. I'm the master Then you haven't accepted me as your mentor And if you don't accept me as your mentor, i'm sorry. I can't really help you If I say re- watch the module you re-watch the module Fuck what you think? All right literally If it wasn't important, I would not Wouldn't wouldn't ask you to go play the reversals, but there's only one thing that you need to Um need to take away from this or one quote that I want you to take away from this is literally this reversal Reverse and write this down reversal trading does not mean fighting the Trend it does not mean you need to fight the trend in order to make money.No, that's not what it means It just means okay This becomes a candidate For it move towards the other side and then we wait for our you know setup to happen and then we execute using
ltp Level strength and patience candles, okay That's all I have for you. Keep pushing. Keep going.Don't start the next module straight away next module psychology Take a couple days off literally, please take a couple days off Meanwhile in those couple days re-watch the previous module again, and then you start the next module All right, let's fucking go you killing it. I'm so proud of you. Let's go
co7u4ngc8gks72qk3udgAll right, what is going on? So welcome to a brand new module. This module is called the psychology module. There's a lot of cool stuff that we're going to do in this module.We have, there will be a lot of videos. I don't know exact number of videos, but all I know for sure is they're probably going to be about, hey, even if I try my best for this module, even if I try my best, I don't think I can make any less than 80 or 90 videos in this module. So I'm ready.Are you ready? Because in this module, we're going to literally talk about every single mistake that you can make as a trader, right? Now there's a lot of stuff that can go wrong. Sometimes you ignore the market trend. Sometimes you do not make a trading plan.Sometimes you, there's thousands of things. Sometimes you rely too much on technical analysis. Sometimes you do not adapt to the market changes.There's like about a hundred different reasons that I could find. There's impatience. There's so much stuff that can go wrong using LTP, but using it partially, you're not using it fully.There's so many things that can go wrong with a trader as we're trading. And that's what we're going to do in this. All right.There's literally no table of contents for me. And I just going to go, Hey, as the flow goes pretty much, and we're going to cover a lot of grounds, right? So what I want you to do, this whole thing is structured in this way. Okay.What I want you to do, I want you to do yourself a favor. Okay. First, let's say what I'll do is I'll break down the problem.Okay. So I'll break down the problems. See if you understand.Okay. Sweet. Then what I want you to do is I'll give you one example.Okay. Then I'll give you actually two examples of each two different scenarios of this problem. Okay.Then we'll look at the long-term impact of not fixing this. Cause you might not know that this is the problem, but when you hear your long-term impact of this, you'd be like, Oh my God, this is what I'm going through right now. But that problem originated back in the day.This is a long-term impact you're facing right now. This problem originated like eight months ago, but it was never treated well. So now you're facing through the long-term impacts of that because you know, it's like a butterfly effect.And now this long-term impact is how you are able to identify this problem for yourself. And then I'll give you some steps to do right now to fix this problem. Okay.
The things that you need to do right now in order to fix the problem, I had to make about probably, I think I've spoken to maybe about 20 plus people. I have spoken to a lot of psychologists. I have spoken to a lot of really successful traders.And I've spoken to a lot of day traders just in general. I reached out to a lot of people in their DMs, like what some top five struggles they're going through and stuff like this. And I could come up with a list of about a hundred problems that every single person is going through.The psychologist helped me out with the kind of, you know, like understanding the science behind some problems. And you know, the steps you do right now, I found these steps from my own journals, my brother's journals, plus some other couple of good traders that I know. And some other, you know, big traders, they kind of helped me out how they dealt with these problems.So this whole, this whole structure of this thing is not theoretical. It's very practical. First, break down the problems, give you a couple examples of the problem.I'll give you long-term impact of if you can identify what the problem is, and then I'll give you some steps to do straight away. So this module will be at the end of every single video, you'll have like three or four or five steps to do straight away in order to fix the problem that you're going through. So you can always get back to any of the videos, the stuff that you're going through, you'll be like, Oh my God, I fucked up.Let me go re-watch that particular video and pick up the steps again. And then you start implementing. So at the end of every single video, what I want you to do is I want you to grab a piece of paper.Okay. Write down the problem here and write down some steps. Take some notes.Okay. This one notebook will become pretty much your red book, right? The red book, the black magic book or whatever you want to call it. And this red book will be your, the secret sauce pretty much.Okay. So at the end of every single video, I want you to sit down, think of these steps, think how you can implement this, think how you can grow as a trader, how you can omit these mistakes. And that's how we're going to go forward.And I'm super excited. I'm super pumped up and we're going to, we're going to start this. All right.Let's go. And I will see you in the next video. All right, please.Again, every single video is a video on its own. It's not related to the next video or third video is related to the second one. It's not like that.So watch one or two videos, implement that stuff in your trading. If you're going through that
many problems, implement the stuff. If you're not going through the problem, still make a plan, how you never want to go through that again, or never want to go through just in general, because these problems you will face in your trading career.Okay. It's not like, Oh, I'm not going through it today. Yeah, sweet.But you still want to make a plan. So you never go through this. You see what I'm saying? You still want to prepare for worst case scenario.And for that, watch one or two videos a day, max. Please do not go over it. One video is good.So you can sit down for 20 minutes after the video ends and you can make a plan of how you're going to actually, like these steps to do right now, how you're going to implement this in your trading. Because if you keep watching the videos, like one after the other, one after the other, this pretty much becomes like not practical. It just becomes theoretical version of stuff.And this is not theoretical things. All right. Now we are jumping into the extreme level of trading improvements.And this is what you need right now. Okay. Next few modules will be big on psychology, big on trading mindset, big on how to actually get to the fucking money.So that's what I want you to do. I want you to sit down and be real to yourself and don't bullshit to yourself and take the necessary steps that you need to take in order to get to the next level. All right.I'm super excited. I'm super pumped up. Let's just get to the next video. All right. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.
co7u4nqe4sec72ve2l40All right, welcome to the first biggest mistake that I see everybody make is the cliche. This probably is one of the most cliches thing and you might be like yeah bro but I already know this tell me something that I don't know whatever man. I see so many traders who trade without having a they think they do but in reality it's something's always missing which leads to the bigger problems which leads to just crap man right higher stress levels you feel lonely there's you know no you don't have any friends you don't have any family next to you now it is crap but all starts by having no trading plan interesting let's go over let's go in detail what I actually mean by that how does this you know take effect what are some examples some long-term effects and the steps that you need to do right now in order to fix this big problem that you have and I don't think I don't even think that you know that you have this problem or you understand that this is such a big deal so let's go over it right now the importance of having a trading plan is basically I'm going to ask I want you to ask yourself what is a trading plan like what is a trading plan what is the meaning of a trading plan trading plan simply means something that you can use to define your entries exits profit taking stop loss the profit taking strategy stop loss strategy the reasoning of jumping in what time you want to jump in the sort of stuff that you need to see in order to for you to jump into a trade the sort of stuff that you need to see in order to jump out of a trade the sort of things that you need to see in order for you to play a reversal how are you going to journal the trades are you going to journal your life how are you gonna because everything amounts to trading plan I how many hours sleep did you had did you do a brain dump this morning did you meditate this morning did you all sort of stuff actually is a part of a trading plan and I don't think people understand this trading plan is not just a little thing like oh entry exit no training plan is a lot more than this you see what I'm saying trading plan is everything that you do including your entries and exits and everything everything pretty much how you do one thing is how you do everything and if you fuck up in your trading man if you fuck up in your life you're gonna fuck up in your trading and that's how game works and you know what happens when you're trying to trade without a trading plan you know what happens when you're trying to do the gym without having proper gear you're trying to squat fucking without having a belt on or it's just like man to avoid some trouble to avoid the pain it's better to just do one extra step now so you do not have to go through the pain later for example if you are at a construction site yeah maybe it will take you extra three seconds to put on a helmet but it might save your life right just couple extra steps it might save your life you might never need it that's the whole point you might never like I have the cameras all over my house right there's three cameras on this side there's three cameras on this side there's two cameras at the back there's four cameras in the front there's a ring doorbell camera there's a cameras which kind of you know like in the big brother they move as somebody go past these cameras in the garage um there's cameras in the meditation room there's uh there's cameras near the laundry because there's a um room to go outside there's cameras um outside in the fresco I got cameras everywhere the point of having cameras is I never I never want to use these cameras I just never want to use them like that's the hope right or hopefully we never
get to use it because if we get to use it that means someone broke in oh huh and that's the whole thing like the only reason I have those is I don't want to use it it's just there just in case the worst case scenario that's what trading without a trading planning is you are not prepared for a worst case scenario you have no idea what can happen and you just can't go south you see what I'm saying now some big components big components of trading plan clear what is the meaning of clear a clear schedule clear life no stress in your life um now every single person's life gonna be stressful right my life is stressful your life stressful the third person's life is stressful the stress just means some different things that um are stressing you out it might be different for everybody else your stress might be a joke to me my stress might be a joke to you um this is how the game works right sometimes you see um you'd be like uh you see your wife stressed your husband stressed why are you stressed oh this doesn't mean shit like you take it so lightly but damn they are stressing out it's just because the stuff that you think are stressful to you might be a joke to other people the reason why I'm telling you is you need to sit down and write the stuff down which are stressful right the stuff that's stressing you out what you're going to do with that thing is I want you to just mark them with okay point one this this this this can I control this I can't control this all right you know what let it go in the universe just let it go say it out loud let it go let it pass do this clear your conscious a little bit clear your mind a little bit of the stuff that is just sitting there rent free trying to occupy you from making money all right that's the first thing that you need to do and that's why I like to do a brain dump every single day every single day before I uh before I start working this is what I do I do a brain dump the reason why I do a brain dump is I just want to clear my head I want to clear my stuff that's in the head I want to clear my schedule I'm going to clear the things that are stressing me out and the stuff that I cannot control I'll just let it go in the universe it's not my stress anymore it's not my problem anymore it's just like all right it's out there whatever you see what I'm saying and then you need to define your objectives you need to define your objectives of a trade you need to define your objectives for your life what I mean by that is a plan would consist I need to have a sleep every every single day for seven hours right predefined objective that you have is if I sleep for seven hours I'll get to train well tomorrow if I get to train well tomorrow I will feel better about myself after the training and when I feel better about myself after the training I trade a little bit better I sleep better I do everything better so it's just like now everything's starting off sleep and before the sleep it might be like okay I need to eat healthy something four hours before I go to bed just so I have a good sleep if I have a good sleep tomorrow everything improves now you predated this whole thing you defined this whole thing as a dinner meal that you have at 7 p.m and you're going to bed at 9 p.m like two hours three hours before you eat the food uh after you eat the food you're going to bed and that sleep is going to be pretty good from 10 o'clock to in the morning five o'clock right this is like what fucking um seven hours you wake up at five you um you know by 5 30 you in the gym from 5 30 to 6 30 you in the gym and then seven o'clock you're home you get everything ready you know um have a shower whatever by 8 30 you're in front of your computer by um by 8 30 in front of your computer and you trade you see what I'm saying you just have a predefined objective for every single thing that you do because you know for a fact if I train I will trade better because I will just feel good about myself for actually doing the stuff that I need to do it's just like predefined
objectives for me it's different for you it might be different I'm just giving you example right and then comes risk management strategies risk management strategies are like what if scenarios what if this level breaks and it goes to this level what if this level fails and it comes down to this level what if this happens what if this happens this just going basically train your mind to tell you okay if this happens I need to get out if this breaks and gets to this particular level and I'm sitting in the trade using a patient scandal and now it's at this stage I need to get out so your brain is already rehearsing all this and when your brain is already rehearsing all this it will be way easier for you to get in or get out of a trade just because you have already rehearsed it just like if you need to talk to your boss what do you do you kind of rehearse the stuff all right this is what I'm going to say why it becomes a little bit easier when you actually go talk to your boss because you already rehearsed you already have a couple scenarios in your head what if he says this I'm going to say this what if he says this I'm going to say this it's just like the way the game works right and then you need to define your entries and exits criteria for everything like I'm going to enter my bedroom at 10 p.m. I better be putting my phone down at 10 15 I better be in bed by 10 30 I better be awake at five o'clock better be out of the bed by 5 10 I better be packing my bag to go to the gym at this you have entry and exit criteria for everything also for your trading you're gonna just improve stuff think of your life as a trade you see what I'm saying because in our life we do risk management all the time we put a seat belt on as soon as we jump in the car right we put our babies in in the in the seat in the car seat it's your risk management we have cameras it's risk management we're just trying to manage what we can manage right and that's what you need to do for your entry exit criteria what I see with people is they do not have their life in control because they do not have life in control they do not have trading in control because they do not have trading in control they do not make money and they feel shit about themselves because they feel shit about themselves it's just a downward spiral that keeps on going down and down and down and that's how they fuck up now is that you I don't know you tell me you see what I'm saying so don't just have a trading plan have a full life plan and the life plan includes your trading plan with it all right two examples of these mistakes are you try to enter a trade based on a signal without a plan for when to exit how much money to put in a trade or all sort of stuff so it's basically like if I call out a plane I'm like oh my god amazon looks good let's jump in here and you're not even looking at the charts you're not even in the office you're not even in front of your computer you just open your phone and you jump into the trade just you you just rely on the signal you have no idea why you're jumping in you have no idea why you're jumping out this is why I think you being in KCU is the best thing that you have done for yourself because you are learning the entries and exits you have like you know the reasons why I'm jumping into a trade right and that reasons kind of gets more concrete when you actually see me trade those strategies that you have learned in the course in the modules right it's just like oh bro I tell I say in the chat oh I'm jumping in amazon you check amazon start you're like oh my god I know why he's jumping in it just improves everything so never jump into a trade just because if anybody called they play out and you're like oh my god I'm jumping in right that's wrong way to think about it if you cannot define why if you cannot define where your entry is going to be you cannot define why you're jumping in the patient scan all day where it is where's the profit target where's the exit where's
how you're going to manage the risk how much money you're going to put in all sort of stuff um you're not going to work you see what I'm saying the second example of this is you try to trade impulsively after a loss you had a loss you took a trade big big loss right 30% of the account let's say you have a 5 000 trading account you lost about thousand dollars or 1500 bucks on this trade and now your brain simply goes oh I need to make this money back what happens when you're doing that you're trying to trade without having a proper plan you're trying to trade without having a structure to your thinking you're just jumping in because you want to make money you because here's the thing every single time when you want to make money every single time the market will look like it's the best setup in the world and when you define it as a best setup you do not prepare for the worst case scenario when you do not prepare for the worst case scenario the worst thing happens but you are not able to jump out of a trade when you should so trying to trade impulsively after a loss just because you want to come back from it consciously or unconsciously that's the worst thing that you can do for yourself all right you could have structure to your thinking in everything in life you see what I'm saying with everything like we always have structure to our thinking with stuff like let's say for example um you're in the kitchen and all of a sudden your pan um you're cooking something your pan catches on fire if there's oil in the thing your pan catches on fire there's a structure to thinking you do not just try to put water into it because you know for a fact this the water is going to ruin the oil fire right so there's structure to the thinking we have learned this from others telling us even though we have not experienced this ourselves we have learned from others telling us don't put uh don't put water on the oil fire right it's just added a layer of structure to the thinking because of others experiences so why don't you learn from your own experience and add a structure before you do something stupid think about this you see what I'm saying and then comes your long-term impact like what happens long term because I promise you one of the worst things that you'll do if you do not have a trading plan if you do not have a life plan is you just you just do not know if you'll be able to do it every single day what I mean by that is if you if you do not have a sleeping let's say 10 p.m you need to go to bed if you just go to bed whenever you want like let's say this is 3 a.m and you do not have a structure do you think you'll be able to wake up 5 a.m and actually go train no so if you do not have a structure if you do not have a plan there's no consistency so long-term impact of not having a plan is inconsistency you never become consistent because you just don't know what time you're gonna go to bed you don't know what time you're gonna get up it's just oh my god I better wake up I mean you have a structure to go to fucking work you start work at 9 a.m your ass is fucking awake at 7 a.m to go work for some other man why don't you have structure for yourself why do you need somebody else always telling you how to live your life while you can just have a structure for your life yourself be consistent like you are at some other man's job the long-term impact of not having a training plan or life plan is you'll be inconsistent and that is not the best place to be in next one is higher stress levels of course you're stressful of course you're just going to bed at 3 a.m and waking up at 9 a.m to take a trade at 9 30 yeah even though you had a six hour sleep the sleep's good but deep inside you know oh man I should have gone to the gym this morning man I didn't go to bed last night because I was watching this stupid show and now it's all down now it leads to stress now because of this stress now the
stress comes in your trading because you didn't go to the gym you didn't have good sleep or because you're feeling guilty now this comes into your trading and now in the trading you're like oh my god I don't really like this oh you know what I'll do a small size the stress kind of market figures out like it's like a shark smells the blood from long long long fucking distance right have you ever heard that it's same thing the market can smell the blood it can smell the stress it can smell the pain that you are going through and you know what happens then it smells you it's like all right let's get his money he'll get your money and that stress now becomes your stress just channels it channels trading now you forget about all this now it just becomes a bigger stress for your trading and now you're trading stressfully now after you finish trading now you need to go to work and now you like your life feels like shit oh my god I'm such a dickhead I lost thousand bucks in trading and you know oh my god I need money to pay the bills this and this and the stress continues and then the next stress comes your boss fucking being an asshole or your managers being an asshole that stress and then you come home your wife telling your husband's telling you something make some food or you know change the bin the stress of that it just becomes a point where you try to get rid of your you don't want to live this life anymore and you go okay let me find peace somewhere else and that's when you turn on your phone again to watch the show so you can forget about the reality and start living in the delusion of somebody else winning in that show or the game or something that's just to escape the reality and again this cycle continues where you're going to bed at 3am next day same thing and then you try to escape the reality same thing try to escape the reality same thing but because all this now you're such a sad lonely long face you're always upset you're always angry there's always something fucking wrong with you you're never happy you never appreciate the good things that other people do you never appreciate the good things that you do because you do none you get lonely because nobody wants to be with somebody who's always fucking upset who never smiles you're never happy and now you're lonely because of that and now when you're lonely you just want to spend time by yourself sitting in your room fucking playing games watching a show thinking that you're making moves but you're actually standing at the same spot slowly and eventually there's no friends that you have no family wants to talk to you because you know you're always trying to be a smart ass even though you yourself are losing but you always try to judge other people because oh you you're losing bro what the fuck are you doing but you yourself are losing as well but you judge other people nobody wants to talk to you because of that and then ultimately you are a sinking ship as you bro as you make no money you're a sinking ship while you tell everybody else how to live their life while you judge everybody else how they should live their life but you are a sinking ship yourself so nobody wants to talk to you ultimately what happens shit becomes real you get fired from your job the downward spiral continues now because you're upset motherfucker all the time nobody wants to deal with that shit you see what i'm saying and the big reason is you will and the big stuff that goes wrong is you start living in this delusion so much that you're never able to measure your performance because you're living in this delusion so much that everybody oh it's his fault it's that person's fault it's this trading fault it's the LTP's fault it's KCU's fault it's Sumesh's fault you stop blaming yourself but everybody literally stop blaming everybody else and you know what you do because if you can't measure it
you can't fix it and if you can't fix it you can't improve it and that's how you keep going down and then again when you're going down the only way to escape the reality is by watching fucking tv watching netflix playing a game watching fucking porn fucking jacking up right this is what you do this becomes your life now we can ignore all this by just having a little bit of structure so what do you need to do right now what are some of the steps that you need to take right now in order to improve wait you need to make big like first things first the most basic at least some basic trading rules that's important you need to look at or even live rules some risk assessment if i if i do this this is what i feel like if i do this this is what i'll feel like just make some rules sit down right now after this video sit down for 20 minutes make your trading rules make your life rules get a structure to your life i'm gonna wake up at this time go to bed at this time and have a dinner at this time don't make it like oh i'm gonna have a dinner at 7p.m every day just at that dot 7 p.m make a 7 to 8 make a 6 to 8 give yourself some room so it never it just doesn't feel like a j like oh my god don't have like oh 10 p.m i'm gonna go to bed tell yourself 10 to 11 sometimes it'll be 11 sometimes it'll be 10 so don't have it like full one point like oh i'm gonna wake up at 5 no have like 5 to 6 i'll wake up even if you wake up 5 45 you're still waking up you see what i'm saying there's still a structure risk assessment your profit targets your specific conditions for both entry and exit for your trades for your life for everything sit down make some rules right now set realistic trading goals monetary yeah set some realistic trading goals some life goals so like monetary goals your weight goals your life goals your um dinner goals the healthy eating goals um trying to you know send at least one appreciated appreciative message to somebody your friend your co-worker your your wife your kids your mother your father one message a day so kind of you know every relationship is good and everything man but more like trade quality rules as well some quality in your trades quality in your life set some realistic trading goals you won't be able to please every single person in life you won't be able to make every single trade a green trade but still have some realistic goals and then keep a trading journal or life journal use ww framework for everything why why did i go to bed at 10 p.m why did i wake up at 5 p.m what could i do better next time maybe have a little bit of less heavy not fried chicken before i go to bed if i'm gonna have fried chicken let's make a 6 p.m so i have like four hours to fucking burn that motherfucker off or whatever same goes why did i jump into this trade why did i jump out of this trade what would i do better next time man if your life is in a structure if your life plan is good your trading plan will be good that's how you'll be able to improve if you think you have a better way to do this i'm sorry you are full of shit because you don't this is how you become a better trader this is how you become a next level motherfucker all right sit right now before you start playing the other next video please sit right now go through this list make a plan of your life of your trading straight away all right i'll see you in the next one peace and again don't watch the next one straight away because i'll know all right i'll see you soon goodbye
cjnnmq3rjgcshu92qt1gAlright, what is going on? So here we go. We officially, officially, officially, officially start now. Alright, welcome to the KCU.I drew a little bit over there. Can you see? Welcome to KCU. Welcome.Thank you for putting your trust in me. I'll make sure that I use your trust and your attention very wisely and provide you with everything that you need in order to become the person that can go grab all this money. Now, I didn't get this money just because I have to record this.No. This money always stays in front of my computer so I always understand one key thing. That is, whatever I'm doing, I'm doing because of this.Whatever I do, whenever I take a trade, it's because of this. This is the motivation. Okay? Because this doesn't actually just give me a good life.It gives my parents, my brother, my family, my wife, my cat, which you'll definitely see in one of the videos, 100%, hanging around, a good life. Do you get what I'm saying? So, it doesn't buy you happiness but it pretty much buys everything that makes you sad. Right? Like, think about this.If, say, you don't like cooking or you don't like laundry, you can buy the time of a person who likes doing that stuff. Like, buy your chef. Do you get what I'm saying? Buy your chef, chef will come and cook for you.Buy you a laundry service which comes, collect your clothes, take away, wash, fold, iron, bring it back, put in the closet. Do you see what I'm saying? So, this is the only thing that'll take everything away that you hate and replace it with stuff that you like. And that results in happiness.That's my personal opinion. It has worked for me and I'm sure it's going to work for you. So, congratulations, taking the first step.Now, here's the thing now, okay? You're officially starting KK Apple University with you and this is roughly how we're going to go, okay? I have one question for you which is, oh, welcome to KCU. Now, the question that I have for you in this video, you want to answer that question for me, okay? Sweet? So, grab a pen and paper, pause the video right here, grab a pen and paper and make sure you have pen and paper for the whole time. Does it make sense? Please? Okay, let's get started.Now, the question that I have for everybody here, if you're listening to me, this question goes to you, all right? The question is, the question is, which kind of, kind of goes like this, okay? It's a quick bonus lesson which you'll want, okay? Now, here's the thing, I want you to write down in front of you, where do you see yourself at this stage? I'm going to give you five options, okay? I
want you to write down just the number, where do you see yourself, okay? So, the first one is, I'm very, very new to trading. New to trading means, absolutely no idea. If you're that person, we're going to take you to the next level, okay? Second one is, I can make money, but one loss wipes all the gains away.If you're this person, I'm going to help you get to the person, which is the fifth point. Hang on a minute, okay? Third one is, my losses are not huge, but my wins are not very huge too. It could be better.Does it make sense? Someone who makes $10, $20, $30, but your losses are $10, $20, $30 as well, this is for you, okay? Write it down, which one you are. Fourth point is, my losses are small, my wins are medium to big, like, you see what I'm saying? But occasionally, I have medium to big red days, and it hurts my confidence. If you're this person, this is for you, okay? The last one, which is our absolute goal, absolute goal is this, my losses are small, my wins are medium to big, but the occasional loss is because I will make a mistake, right? But I'll rectify it moving forward, and I'm doing good every single week.If this is you, write it down, okay? I am sure, fifth one is, greater profitability, like, like me, right? I'll be honest with you all here, okay? Give me one second. So here's kind of how trading goes, okay? The fifth point depends on your mentality, okay? Everything's on what sort of people you surround yourself with, everything's on what sort of mindset you have, everything's on, like, what's your daily routine look like, do you exercise, do you not exercise, what sort of person are you in your general life, are you someone who lets other people walk all over you, if you're someone like that, you're going to have a hard time accepting a stop loss. If you can't accept a stop loss in the real life, you won't be able to accept the stop losses in the trading world as well.And if you can, if you, here's the thing, man, if you can't take stop loss in real life, you won't be able to take stop loss in the trading world, okay? So, fifth point depends on every other factor, but trading, okay? The fifth point is, your losses are very small, your wins are medium to big, but whenever you make a mistake, you sit down, you're like, you know what, this is the reason I made a mistake, I'm going to fix this moving forward, so I don't make this mistake, right? And this is the absolute goal, okay? The reason why I asked you for the six months is because it usually takes people a month or two months, three months to make money, then a month of making mistakes, then a month of fixing the mistakes, and the last month, which is six months, is going to be used for building upon your strengths, and we're going to take you to the next level, that's the goal, right? This six months, I want you to fully focus, fully focus on one thing, which is you are going to build a lifetime skill, and this is not like every other bloody thing that you did, okay? This is going to be like, it's not going to improve whatever you're getting, it is a totally different approach to trading, we're totally different, like this whole training is totally different, if you do this training, you will realize the sort of things that you learned before, like what? We're not using that anymore? Yeah, we're not, so whatever you did before, I want you to leave it behind, this is totally going to be different, okay? Got what I'm saying? You cannot fix something that's broken, what you can do, you can scratch that, build the whole new thing,
that's the whole point, this is where we want to go, this is where we're at, and this is where this KK Apples University comes into place, okay? I'm super excited for you, now, this is the end of this little introduction thing that I had, in the next video, we're going to start with the module, the module on the little basics, go into the next video, okay? The next module, I'll break down in a very systematic way, what we're going to do, and I'll see you there, over there, okay? So, see you, goodbye.
cjo8m0c3gr193gt5vf40Alright, what is going on Lord welcome back to another video. So in this video I want to talk about a little bit of module recap what we studied so far in this module and it's important Otherwise, you know what happens is we oftentimes get confused about oh my god, like the hell man I'm so confused. So my whole goal is to get that confusion out from the system.Hey, let me share my screen I will talk about it. So what did we study here? We studied introduction to price action We spoke about are we gonna use the simple charts? We went over how to read candlesticks You know the every little nitty-gritties of the of the wicks on the top and bottom then we spoke about how can you master these? Candlestick patterns remember the pac-man hammer and then worded pac-man. Alright, then we went over support and resistance lines It's just a freshly frozen Lake.It's just the floor that you're standing on. It's just the ceiling trend lines It's just the support at a slant. So it's just like a the hill or the downhill is our downturn, right? Then we spoke about chart pattern.What are the chart patterns? Do you remember the continuation reversal bilateral and we spoke about everything is a flag? Literally nothing else matters. Everything is just a flag the cup and handle this and that everything's just a flag All right, and yeah, and we smashed it Absolutely killer sweet now the next module gonna be fun and I will see you in the next one now Alright, let's get it. Goodbye
cjo8poc3gr193gt5vf60All right, what is going on so welcome back to another video in this video We're going to talk a little bit very very short video We're going to talk about what is price action Now if we understand what is price action, you will you will learn automatically you learn candlesticks You learn support resistance. You learn demand supply. You learn trend lines You learn the stuff that really really matters as we move along.We're going to get into those So what is price action? So let me actually give you a little bit of a heads up. All right So this is what price action is let me bring this here keep it right on this corner so watching clean charts without any sort of indicators influencing our decisions Is Price action. Does it make sense now? This right here.What do you see? This is Simple chart, it's clean. And what are we doing like moving forward? What are we doing here? We are using the past history of the charts. So let's say here.Oh, there is a critical level here Okay, that's why I rejected here right and then there's a critical level. Oh, it bounced a couple times of this You know what? Maybe there's roughly around a critical level here Um, maybe there's a critical level around here because why it rejected a few times and you drew a critical level then it broke Came back retested at this area And went higher. Okay, don't get too confused.Um, just stick along with me So what happens usually is the trends or the support resistance, which we're going to discuss usually works like this Think of as a resist. This is a support. This is resistance think of support as your floor where you're standing Your resistance is the ceiling.Okay now in order to get to the ceiling you need to catch your stairs Need to get above the stairs and now this ceiling gonna become your floor then because you'll be on top of that, right? So what happens now is this was a ceiling broke above three pushed Now we got another new ceiling here came back. We found a new support went to the ceiling again broke the ceiling So went up the staircase Now it's standing on top of this ceiling. It's standing on the top Now what happens this becomes a new support does it make sense and now it rejected a few times here This is a huge area and what happens after this it broke above so broke above It or it doesn't have to always hold it can fail and we will we will be able to catch this stuff We'll be able to make money towards the upside like you could have caught this Then you could have caught this move then you could have caught this move Then you could have caught this reject then you could have caught this move ahead Okay, but watching clean price action and trying to base off your decisions is what is called price action Using past history of the charts on a raw chart without any indicators or without any indicators influencing you what can happen That's what price action once you understand this your life's gonna become easy Okay Our whole goal here is to get you to understand price action in a way where you never understood price action ever before Now, of course in the last module I gave you some indicators that I like to use but there is also I'll let you know.
There's also ways to trade using those indicators, which we're going to discuss as we move along Okay, so don't get overwhelmed. Oh my god, what can I do? No, take it easy. Take a chill pill We got it.All right, you got this. This is basically what we wanted I wanted to discuss with you where I was introducing price action just raw charts and we use past history of the charts to kind of figure out what can happen moving forward and You did amazing. All right did very good.I'm proud of you Now we're gonna get to the next one and we're gonna talk about Introduction to the candlesticks and how to read the candlesticks in the real time. Okay excited. Let's go.I'll see you in the next one
cjo8qmcajg0o3k599itgAll right, what is going on so welcome back to a new module a fully new module So in this module, this is going to be easy module All right, this is going to be a chill module easy modules few videos and you should be done Now, let's get to it. Let me share my screen and let's freaking do this All right. So a little over what we're going to do in this module.We're going to talk a very little bit about price action Okay, i'll introduce the price action What is price action for you and we'll talk about how to read candlesticks We'll talk about a little bit about introduction to candlesticks How candlesticks kind of even formed and then we'll talk about how to read candlesticks And then we'll talk about mastering candlestick patterns Once we learn this things become easy and then we'll talk about support and resistance lines Because if you know how to draw support and resistance lines life becomes easy That's our goal Our goal here is to make my simple goal here is to make your life so easy That it's like you have to make least amount of decisions in the real time. That's what we're doing here, right? And then we'll talk about trend lines Hey, once you learn trend lines, they say once you go trend lines, you never go back All right Then we talk about introduction to the chart patterns and then comes My favorite chart patterns now out of thousands and thousands and thousands of chart patterns, man I'll be honest with you. There's only a few that really matters Okay, there's only a few that really matters rest.Everything is just pretty much noise. Does it make sense only a few matters Rest of them is just like yeah, whatever same goes for candlestick patterns chart patterns a few matter Because i've been creating five years now, right five plus years actually, so I have noticed over time There's only a few patterns which are really important for us to master Once you master those patterns pretty much things become like smooth. It's a nice way to say, okay Because if like think about it if you're a driver, all right, you're on the road all the time You know, there's only a few things that really matter what's the speed is the car, you know Is the engine light on or not? Everything's good.How much is the fuel? That's pretty much it, right? There's only a couple things that you need to know how much that that's pretty much it, right? So same thing goes in trading. There's a couple things that you need to know Once you know those rest everything is pretty much smooth. You get my point at first when you start learning how to drive It's a little bit like oh my god, you're stressed for all the time.You're not even worried about it Don't even think about it forget worry, right? So that's the whole goal of me of for us here is to get to the the root the stuff that actually matters So this module is going to be easy going to be chill, but you're going to learn a lot of foundational stuff here And hey, let's get to it. Shall we let's go
cjo8shdj9rg49m3iv720Alright, welcome back to another video lads. In this video we're going to talk about the favourite candlestick patterns that I use day to day, every single day to print, print. Alright, it's going to be fun.Alright, now, let's get to the screen now. Let's go, the gods of the screen, come on. The technology is crazy, you know.Alright, which one of these are my favourite? Look at this, look at the names bro, look at these names. Morning Star, Evening Star, Dark Cloud, Shooting Star, Dragon Doji, Bullish Doji. And the list went on and on and on and on.Look at this, 3 stars in the south, 3 stars in the north, 3 stars in the west, 3 stars up. Diamond pattern, this pattern. I only like 3, alright.The 3 that I like, Hammer, I like Harami Candles and I like Bullish Engulfing Candles right here. These are the only ones that I like, I don't like none of the other stuff. I've tried using them all, it's not just, it's just not my piece of cake, alright.Now, let's talk about the ones that I like and how I use them so you can make some money as well, right. Sounds good, let's get to it. So first one is this Bulls Engulfed, Bullish and Bearish Engulfing Candles.Now, think about this, look at this chart right here, alright. Bullish and Bearish Engulfing Candle, what are we looking for? The Bullish and Bearish Engulfing, the Bullish Engulfing pattern is formed by 2 candlesticks. The first candle is short and red body that is completely engulfed by a larger green candle.Remember when we were kids, we used to play the game, the Pac-Man, I don't know if you are that old, but hey, the Pac-Man game, this is simply it. This is a big green candle that's eating the red candle. Look at this, fully eating away.That's called Bullish Engulfing Candle. Does it make sense? Right, sweet. Now, on the other side, the other one is like this.Though the second day opens lower, so this close here, though the daily candle opens lower than the first, the Bullish market pushes the price up, even pushing above the previous high of the day, and then it closes like this Pac-Man, right? And how do we trade them? Now, I don't want you to sit here and be like, how do we trade them? I'll just tell you, next day if it opens, it breaks this high of the day, feel free to take a trade towards the upside. Now look at this, if you would have entered this 126, so the trade would have been on this particular day, okay? Think of this, 126 to all the way to 158, right here. Look at this, 158 right here, right? Does it make sense to you a little bit? Right, so now, these ones are my favorite, Bullish and Bearish Engulfing
Candles.So the Bearish Engulfing Candle would be just the other way around. It would kind of go like this. So, say green candle, while the prices are pushing higher, you see a big red candle, and how we trade the next day when it breaks below this particular area, this is when we enter, and the prices can really, really fall, okay? This is my favorite.Next one is the Pin Bar Candle. These ones are my favorite as well. These are called Pin Bar Candles, okay? What happens? The Pin Bar is a reversal pattern that forms after a decline, okay? After a decline, look at this stuff right here.A big decline happening, and then this Pin Bar doesn't happen in the middle of anywhere. We see this Pin Bar on top of some sort of support, that means some sort of demand is there, where buyers are jumping in over and over again. If you see the level break, the candle go below that, and then it closes like a hammer candle.This basically is a hammer candle right here, okay? That's what I like about them. Make sense? The Pin Bar is a reversal pattern that forms after a decline in a trend, okay? In addition to a possible trend reversal, Pin Bars can mark support or resistance level. This will become a huge support level.Now, on the top, how would it have formed on the top? It would have been like, went there, tried to break, couldn't break, then form a huge wick right here, and then made a candle, bearish candle, then this would have formed this. Now, your question might be like, how do we trade this? So, you know how we trade this? We trade the moment it breaks above this particular candle. Look at this, huge push.Now, we are not going over how do we trade this part yet, but as we move along in the course, you will learn exact ways how do we trade this stuff, okay? Then comes the last one, it's called Harami Candles, okay? The Harami Candles are just like the Pac-Man, but other way around, right? So, what happens in the Pac-Man? Here's a candle, it tries to eat, but in this case, the Pac- Man is like this. It's trying to eat this particular, but it just faced a little bit on the other side. Does that make sense? Now, look at this beautiful right here.Now, how do we enter? We enter either break below this, or we enter break below this green candle. Look at this dump, okay? Now, this is simply called Harami Patterns, Harami Candles, okay? It's a two-day candle pattern, has a small body candle, wholly contained within the range of the previous body, and is opposite color. This is the keyword here, the opposite color, okay? It looks completely opposite of the Engulfing Pattern.That's pretty much it. So now, just to quickly do a recap, what are the three patterns alike? One is the Pac-Man, the other one is the Hammer, or the Inverted Hammer. What is the other one? This one, which is a Pac-Man all the way around, okay? One, two, and three.How do we trade them? We will get to it later, but these are my favorites. Just draw this on your
notebook right now, okay? These are my favorite candlestick patterns. Nothing else matters.I've tried them all. I've tried everything, okay? Nothing else matters. So, these three, write them down.Polishing, Engulfing, Harami Candles, and the Pin Bar or the Hammer Candles, okay? Now, you're doing amazing. You're doing bloody good. Next video, we're going to talk about support and resistance levels.So, we're going to get to the little bit of nitty-gritties of trading because once you understand support and resistance, oh boy, things become easy. All right, sweet. I'll see you in the next one.Yeah, I think so. Yeah, all right. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.
cjo8vcd1sjmkv19q3fe0Alright, welcome back Lord, welcome back to another video. So in this video we are going to talk about the chart patterns and what is the significance of chart patterns. Okay, so welcome to KCU, let's make this happen.Alright, let me share my screen and we will discuss the chart patterns, why they are important and all sort of important stuff. So now, chart patterns. Chart patterns are the foundational blocks of technical analysis.They replicate themselves in the market over and over again. And more times it happens, more it will be easier for you to recognize in the real time why they are happening, why they are working. Alright, now these patterns appear on every time frame and can therefore be used by scalpers, day traders, swing traders, position traders, investors.Every single trader can use them on whatever time frame they like to trade. Now we like to trade on a 5-minute chart, 2-minute chart, 10-minute chart. We use them as well.Okay, now there are three different types of patterns. The first one is called reversal pattern. Now what is a reversal pattern? Just as the name suggests, price likely to reverse.What is a continuation pattern? As the name suggests, price likely to continue its original direction. Bilateral patterns means they are like bipolar. They flip very quickly or they will keep moving higher.They are like binary. They are either upward or downward, depends. Okay, now let's talk about how they help us.Alright, now the measurements of a chart pattern can be used to project the next price movement and what target to aim for. Okay, we'll go about this. I'll give you some examples and it will make more sense.Alright, now these patterns can either be traded aggressively with very less confirmation or you can wait, sit there, wait for best risk to reward and trade with more confirmation so your rules of entry and exit can change. Okay, now it's very easy to calculate the risk to reward for them which is important when we enter a trade. When I enter a trade, I want to know how much of these am I risking.If I'm risking 5, I want to make sure that I actually get another 10 back. That's the only way to actually make money if you want to succeed over a long period of time, right? You want to make sure that you make more money than what you're risking over a long period of time and you will become the winner. Does it make sense? Now, what do we need here? A few things that we need here.I want you to write this down. I do not have them on the slide. I want you to write this down.
Okay, we need to have a proper way to trade them. Now, what do we need? The first thing that we need. The first thing that we need is air.Let me get this. So, what are the things that we need? First is, we need to spot the pattern first. Right, we need to spot.Can we actually identify the pattern in the real time? If we can't, hey, the game is lost. Okay, then what we need to do? We need to check the volume. We'll talk about volume as we move along.Then we need to check the trend. We'll talk about this as we move along. Then we need to check the confirmation.We need to wait for the perfect confirmation. Okay, then what do we need next? We need to check higher time frames. Now, why? Now, if a daily chart has a huge resistance sitting, and on a 5-minute chart you're trying to trade, you know, continuation pattern, you think you can move higher.If there's a big resistance sitting right at the top, if the big resistance is sitting right at the top of a daily chart, there's less likely this is going to work. Okay, what else are you trying to look? You look for overall market conditions. Right, you want to look for overall market conditions.What's the market doing at this stage? Then, what do you want to see? Then you want to plan the trade. Right, what is the planning the trade means? That means you want to know your entry. Where's your entry? You want to know where's your exit.Then you want to know where's your profit taking. Right, make sense? And then, what do you need? You need to place your trade. Now, you can plan.I've seen so many people plan trades, but when it comes to execute, they're like, oh my god, you know, I missed this because of this whatever reason they tell themselves. Right, does it make sense? We need to spot the pattern, then we need to check the volume, trend and confirmation, higher time frames, if there's any big resistance sitting there, overall market conditions, then we need to plan the trade, entry, exit, profit taking, and then place the trade. These things are important to know.Now, things to know first. It's a huge warning. Chart patterns do not always work like everything.We cannot just base our decisions just in isolation. We can't just go, oh, this is happening and this is going to happen 100%. No, our goal is to try to understand the reasoning rather than trying to remember these patterns.I don't want you to either tell anybody in the chair, be like, oh, that's not this, this is this. Who cares? Like, nobody cares if that looks like a bull flag, that looks like a symmetrical triangle,
whatever it is. As long as you understand why that can work, that's all that matters.The names do not matter. I want you to understand the reasoning because that is what is going to take you to the next level. Now, next comes continuation patterns.What are the continuation patterns? The continuation pattern is a chart pattern described as a series of price movements that show that there is a temporary pause in the current market trend but the market can get back to the original trend. For example, that means price is pushing higher, then sellers try to take over a little bit, but then what happens? They move higher back again. This is a continuation.This is the original trend, then it goes back to the original trend. That means continuation. Continuation pattern tells us after the chart pattern completes, the price can continue to move in the same direction that was in the previous or the prior chart.You get my point? Now, to make it easy to remember, continuation chart patterns continue the trend. I'll give you examples of this. Don't stress.Reversal patterns. Reversal patterns are the total opposite of the continuation characteristic pattern. Reversal patterns simply tell us that there could be a change in the trend moving forward.Reversal patterns need more time to form than the continuation pattern as it's very easy for a stock to go back in its original trend then fully reverse. For example, let's say a train or a car. If you're driving a car at 100 mph, it's easier for your car to go from 100 mph to 120 mph.Then, you stopping your car fully to a zero and then making a U-turn going on 100 mph or 120 mph. Does it make sense? It's easier for us to keep moving in the direction that we are moving than fully making a U-turn and reversing. Now, let me give you this.Look at this. Look at this. I still remember, I just called them flags.I'll be honest with you, all these continuations are called flags. It's just a flag. It's just a flag.It's just a flag for me. Now, these reversal patterns, I have couple favorite ones. The only one that I use is this.Double top and double bottom. Pretty much what I use. Nothing else.And bilateral patterns, I just call them flags. Whatever it is. I promise you, you do not need a photo of this printed next to your setup.And then you're like, you're looking at the chart, you're like, oh, this looks like this. You do not need that. You do not need a photo of this printed next to your setup.I used to do that. That's why I'm like, man, if I'm doing that, everyone would do this. I used to
do this back in the day and that never helped.It only confuses you even more because now you're like, oh, it's ascending triangle. It's symmetrical triangle. It's bullish flag.Whatever it is, as long as you understand the main, the juice behind this. That's all that matters. Now, we have finished the chart patterns.Now, in the next video, I'm going to give you my favorite chart patterns that I absolutely love. There's only four that I like. I'm going to give you in the next video.Alright, so you're doing well. Keep pushing, keep going. The momentum is good. I like it. You're already here. Now, here's the thing.A lot of people would not actually be listening to this video now. People buy education, but they never actually go through it. Now, if you're watching this already, I know you're in the top 1% already.The statistics say 96-95% of the people who buy some education, they actually never even get to 10% of the course. Why pay for something and never use it? But you're doing it. You're top 1% already.Alright, because you're halfway there. I love it. So, keep going, keep pushing and I'll see you in the next one.Alright, see you.
cjo92lc3gr193gt5vfbgAlright, what's going on? Welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're going to talk about my favorite, favorite, favorite, favorite chart patterns. Okay.I just love these. There are only four types of chart patterns that I like. And those are, so those are pendants, bull flag, bear flag, cup and handle patterns and double top and bottoms.Okay. Just this. And I'll show you in a minute with some chart exam.All right. Now let's talk about pendants. All right, shall we? So this is pendants.So pendants is just think of it like prior trend lasting a few weeks or few, like anything that I say week, you can say five minute candles. Okay. Just ease of understanding.You can just say five minute candles. Prior trend lasting a few five minute candles. Then we have two to three touches of the support and resistance lines like right here and duration of at least one to eight five minute candles.Bullish break volume to the breakout. The volume increases at the breakout and it goes higher. I personally think it's just a flag.I use it. I only call it a flag. Now the reason I call it pendant is because I wanted to show you that it's just a flag.Okay. You don't have to remember the names or this is what's forming now. It's just a flag. Okay. This is my favorite. Now then comes the flag.All right. Now prior trend lasting a couple of weeks. Okay.A couple of five minute candles, two or three touches of the support and resistance lines, duration of one to four five minute candles, bullish volume at the breakout. That's simply it. Make sense? Yes.Sweet. Now I wanted to actually discuss before I move forward, I want to discuss one very important topic here. Now what I want you to do is write down one very important thing.I want you to emphasize on setting realistic trading expectations. Why? What do I mean by that? Okay. Now there will be some people right now who you're trying to compare your results.Okay. We all do this. I used to do this back in the day.I used to compare my results with other people. Now here's the thing, man, someone who is sitting at someone at 18 years old, sitting at home, doesn't have financial responsibility at all.
And you're trying to, he will succeed a little bit quicker.Why? He never have to worry about putting food on the table while you maybe have kids, maybe have house payments, maybe have car payments. You know, you're a married man and you have responsibilities and you have to look after your parents. You're going to look after your wife's or husband's parents.But there's a lot of responsibilities you have. Avoid comparing yourself to other people. Now your relationship with a thousand dollars is going to be a little different than an 18 year old kid sitting at home trying to trade with his parents.All right. If you follow this, if you follow my advice, you will be at a total different spot within the next six months. I promise you that.Okay. The reason is if you go, oh man, I've been trading, you know, two months, I joined this and haven't seen much success, but this guy have seen so much. Maybe it's a little bit different.Right now, here's the thing. Now the ultimate goal is to provide, to get independence from this so much money that you never have to worry about money. That's the goal.Okay. Like never have to worry about money. That's the goal.Now my, I'll tell you my little personal example. You will never ever see me, you know, go on social media and flaunt about or show off my materialistic achievements on social media. There's a reason behind this.I take pride in looking after my friends and family. All right. Now, clarification here.A lot of people go, why do you give money to your friends? No, my friends are employed in the businesses that I own. I do not give them free money. I, I see what is the skill set.If I need the skill set, I hire them and tell them the real expectations and I look after them. What's wrong with that? Me and my people grow together. That's the whole point.And I flex about that in my life. And I'll tell you like, that's a real display for me of having freedom, not just money. Money is yes, of course, the realistic things, of course, but me posting on social media doesn't get nothing.All right. But me actually living the life gets me a little bit of motivation. Does it make sense? So if you're someone who's comparing yourself with someone else, that costed me so much money because I was comparing my results with other people.Focus on the food on your table. Otherwise your food going to get cold while you're worrying about someone else's plate. Make sense? All right.Let's get back to it. All right. We, uh, we know bull flag now.
Let's go cup and handle. So there's a reason why I added cup and handle here. Okay.In this case, the pattern becomes a continuation and went through the resistance line right here. And it broke to the upside. It has a beautiful cup forming.All right. Then the little pennant on the side, one month pattern, whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever. I, what I personally just think, this is not a cup and handle pattern.This is just a way of confusing people. I personally think this is just a flag. It broke out of the flag and went higher.I don't think this is anything. This is just, Oh, it's cup and handle. What are you talking about? It's just stupid pattern.Only thing that's forming here. It's just a flag. All right.Try to make things easy for you, man. This is what I like. I like make, I like making things easy for everybody and for myself.All right. Don't make things extra complicated. It's just a flag.All right. The next one is double top. Now, in this case, the pattern becomes a reversal pattern, went through the support line and broke towards the downside.Look at this. Now there was a low volume on the second top. You see this? The right peak had very low volume.Look at the volume here. It's very low volume. Okay.Now break down on the support line and retest of it. Let's do this. It broke below that and then it came back.Retest right here. Did you see the wick right here? Came back. Retest.What happened? It went lower. Went straight to a profit target, even much more. Okay.So volume, we will talk about this volume and it will make more sense. Volume is very important. Volume is like the lubricant behind high friction machine.Okay. I'll give you example of double bottom. In this case, pattern became a reversal, went through the resistance line and broke towards the upside.Look at this. When it was coming down, look at the volume. Volume dropped so much.Here, the volume was insane. Do you see this? Do you see this volume? How much the volume is? There's bars in the bottom and here the volume is literally nothing. Of course, that means the sellers are not interested in selling anymore.
What happened? Buyers took over. Prices pushed higher. Does it make sense? Price went to a profit taking even furthermore.Make sense here? Yes? Sweet. Now, let's talk about a little bit of quick key takeaways of what we did in this patterns. Now, patterns are the distinctive formations created by the movements of security price on a chart and are foundation blocks of technical analysis.A pattern is identified by a line that connects common price points such as closing prices or highs or lows during a specific time. Technical analyst and analyst seeks to identify patterns as a way to anticipate future direction of a movement. Now, a lot of people try to make this super complicated with head and shoulder, this and that and this and that.I just try to keep it simple. I try to keep it simple. Everything is a flag for me.Does it make sense? Nothing is special or this is happening. No, everything is a flag for me. All right? Now, remember one thing.You always make money in the market when there's other people losing money. Now, that makes you a bad person. That's just the game we are playing.Okay? Think about this. If nobody loses money, what happens? That means everyone makes money. When everyone makes money, where's the money coming from? There's nobody to give the money.All right? It's a zero-sum game. Someone has to lose money for you to make money. All right? So, more of the pain of others in the market, more money we stand to make.It's just the game we choose to play. Now, if that kind of hits your bad karma side, you're like, oh my God, other people are losing this money and I'm going to use this money to, like, this is what's going to happen. I'm going to teach you everything and you're going to make a lot of money and you're going to be like, man, other people are losing so much money while I'm drinking.Maybe donate a little bit to the charity. Maybe go to the church and donate 5%. You do you, bro.Like, whatever you want to do, right? You want to get the good karma? However you want it. But this is the game we play. More the pain of others in the market, more money we stand to make.All right? Sweet? So, now we have finished this chart patterns and everything video. Next video, we'll talk about a little bit of the recap of everything that we did and then we'll jump into a new module. All right? Sweet? You're doing so good.Hey, let's go. I'm trying to make it very simple for everybody. So, I hope this is quite simple for you.
All right? See you soon.
cjo93jcajg0o3k599j7gAlright, what is going on? Welcome back to another video. So in this video I'm going to talk to you about as I said introduction to the candlesticks and then we'll talk about how to read the candlesticks as well. Okay, so now introduction to candlesticks.What is candlestick? Let me share my screen. How do they act? Why do they actually call candlesticks? Alright, now let's get to it. So price action is more important than news, earnings, whatever, right? Anything that's happening in the market.But price action is more important than what's happening in the market. Does it make sense? Now I can tell you, bro, you know, there's a big news coming out of this and this and the news came out and the price never reacted to that. No, price action is more important than any sort of news, any sort of earnings.Price action gives us all the information that, you know, price simply, I usually like to say price tells you a story, okay? So price action gives you all the information and price tells you a story. Every single day when you see a price move up and down, the candlesticks move up and down, they are trying to tell you a story and our goal, our job is to try to understand that story, okay? Now price is moved based on expectations and emotions of buyers and sellers. As I said, it's all about supply and demand, right? If you want to buy this iPhone off me, if I say 500, right, but there are, there's literally no iPhone in the world, now what happens? The supply is limited but the demand's a lot, now I can charge a thousand, right? So a lot depends on the expectations and the emotions of buyers and sellers.Like I'm a seller who's selling an iPhone, you're a buyer who wants to buy an iPhone off me, so price is basically moved on the expectations and emotions of how bad you want the thing. Does it make sense? Now who introduced this technical analysis? Japanese have been using technical analysis to trade, to trade rise, that's how it actually started since 17th century. Think about that, this is not a new concept, right? What is this, 24th century now? What's this mean, 400 years? You get my point, it's not a new concept.Now this also means we have 400 years of evolution and now so much stuff that we have learned already, we can just simply tweak a little bit based on the current price action, this current day and age and what happens? We get to enjoy the rewards. Now of course too many things have changed since then but the things mentioned above are pretty much the same since, right? Prices moved on expectations of emotions of buyers and sellers, all right? Nothing changed. Now how to read the candlesticks though? The question is how to read the candlesticks.Now let's talk about it, I will talk about this whole thing, you see this price, high, close, open, open, close, long, up, shadow, this will make sense to you in one small second, okay? I'll get back to this within a minute, stick with me, let me open another window. All right, welcome
back again. All right, so how do we read candlesticks now? Okay, all right, sweet.Now this is high of the candle, this is opening price, so this is how usually the candlesticks will go, right? This is where the price opened, then the price pushed, then the price pushed a little bit down, the sellers kind of try to push it down, the buyers are like, oh, where you going? They push it all the way high, then it close here. This is how the candlestick becomes this candle, okay? Now let's try to understand this a little bit in detail, okay? Now every candlestick has four data points, every candlestick will tell, every single candlestick will tell you the open price, okay? That's the opening price of the candle, the high of the candle, the low of that particular candle and the closing price of the candle, okay? Which is why this is called OHLC. Whenever you look at your charts, they will be like OHLC, that means open, high, low, close, okay? Each candle represents a specific time frame and gives data about the price open, high, low, close during that period.Now imagine if you're looking at this five-minute candle, that means the five-minute open, five- minute high, five-minute low and five-minute close. If you're looking at a weekly candle, that means weekly open, weekly high, weekly low, weekly close. If you're looking at daily, daily open, daily high, daily low, daily close.Does it make sense? Every single time frame will tell its own higher open, high, low, close price, okay? Now each candlestick represents a specific time period. It also gives information about the asset's opening price, asset means any stock, SPY, QEUS, Bitcoin, whatever you want to say, right? It's opening, high, low, close price for that period, okay? Now standard candlesticks consist of a candle body plus upper and lower wick. This wick, you know, candles have a wick, that's why they're called wicks.These little things right here, they will have wicks on either side, standard. Not always the case, but standard. The candle body extends to the closing price from the opening price of an asset for a particular period, okay? Where it opens, it will try to go towards the closing price.Now we don't know where we're going to close, but that's where we come from. That's simply what we do, right? Now the tip of the upper wick of the candle shows the highest price attained during that period. Now let's say this is a wick right here, this is a candle, that means the tip of this candle right here, what does that tell us? That tells us that's the highest point attained during that five minute candle or whatever the candle is.The lower wick means the lowest point during that period rises up to the body of the candle, okay? Now bullish versus bearish candles. Candlesticks are either bullish or bearish depending on the direction of the price during the period they're drawn for. Now bullish candlesticks, what is a bullish candlestick? Bullish candlestick forms when the price opened at a certain level and closes at a higher price, right? Bulls strike up, that means the price goes up.So it opens here but closes above that. What is a bearish candlestick? Like a bear strikes down, right? That means the price opens and closes at a lower price. It makes sense? Now the graph
you see below is a four hour candlestick chart where each of these candlesticks represents a four hour period.Look at this, it's a trading view chart. Every single candle, one, two, three, all one individual candle represents four hours, okay? You see this four hour right here? Now you can use many different time frames to plot candlestick charts in your technical analysis system or trading platform. The most common one that people use, one minute, five minute, 15, 30, one, four hours, daily, weekly, monthly, whatever it is.Now here's the thing, the smaller the time frame you use, the closer you look into the price section of the stock, it's like you're zooming into the chart. Let's say you were looking at the four hour candle right here. Now what happens? And you want to zoom in a little bit.So what you will do, you go on an hourly chart. Now you have four times more candles, okay? If this is a four hour candle, this one four hour candle, that will mean this could be the four candles for, it opened here, closed right here, but it made this week. Does it make sense? This is one four hour candle, but this is four one hour candles.Does it make sense? All right, sweet. Let's get to it. Now let's say you switch to the weekly chart.Now in order to zoom in, we can go on daily charts as five daily candles, make one weekly candle. Market opens Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. If you're looking at a weekly candle, you can go to the daily chart and see five times the more candles.All right, sweet. Now long and short candles. Just speaking generally, the longer the body is, the more intense the buying or selling pressure is, okay? Now on the other side, short candle six means there are very little buying or selling happening.Like look at this, that means there's very little buying or selling. If there was a lot of buying or selling happening, it will be a big candle, not a small candle. Does it make sense? In the common trading lingo, bulls means buyers, bear means sellers, like we discussed before, right? Now long green candle six shows strong buying pressure.After a huge drop in stocks, long green candle six can make a potential turning point or support level. Think of support as the floor of the house. Let's say the price is dropping very fast and all of a sudden you see a big green candle.That means a lot of buyers came in all of a sudden here. When the buyers come in, what happens? That becomes the floor, okay? Make sense? Now long red candle six shows strong selling pressure. After a huge move to the upside, let's say a huge move towards the upside and a big red candle, what does that mean? That means the resistance is very strong there.Think of resistance as a roof, the ceiling in the house, all right? Now short green candles with small bodies show that the buyers were there but they were not that strong and they failed to make a huge impact on the stock, right? Didn't make much difference. Short red candles with a
small body showed that the sellers were there but they were not that strong and they failed to make a huge impact on the stock price. Make sense? Now different types of candles, you'll see them on the back to the powerpoint as well.Now this is called marrow bourgeoisie candle, whatever. I like to call them boner candles, all right? Why? Because there's no wick. That simply means they're wonderful examples of long candle six.Now more bourgeoisie does not have upper or lower wick. That means simply the moment the price opened, it was pushed by the buyers all the way towards to the coast. Does it make sense? That means there was no, literally zero control of sellers in this particular candle, all right? Now a green more bourgeoisie form when the open equals the low and the close equals the high.This candle stick indicates the buyers controlled the price action from the first trade to the last trade. They didn't tell, they didn't let sellers take over even for a minute, okay? Now the red more bourgeoisie candle means the open equals the high right here and the close equals the low, all right? Now that means the sellers were literally taken, sellers took over the moment the candle opened to the moment the candle closed. Make sense? Now the names of these candlesticks are, is not very important but what's actually important here is if you understand the concepts.If this candlestick opened here, closed here, that means the buyers were literally in control the whole time, okay? Now long versus short wicks. Candlesticks with long wick, long upper wick right here and short lower wick like this indicates that the sellers dominated during the session. Now how does that mean? Now if it's a red candle that means it opened here, closed lower, yeah? It opened here, but what happened as soon as it opened, the price went up to this high, yeah? The moment it reached this high, what happened? The moment we reached this high, sellers took over.That's why we became, that's how it came lower than a little bit wick here and then it closed here. Does it make sense? Now who controlled the massive action here? From this side to this side, who controlled the most amount of action? The sellers controlled the most amount of action. That's why the candlesticks with a lot like a long upper wick and a short lower wick indicates that the sellers dominated during the session, all right? Now on the other side, candlesticks with the long lower wick and the short upper wick means the buyers dominated the session, okay? Does it make sense? We also call these candles hammer candles, okay? Hammer candles.This is a hammer candle and this one is a inverted hammer candle. What does a hammer look like? Hammer looks roughly like this, right? So this is pretty much a hammer candle, okay? Hammer candle means if it's a hammer candle, that means it's bullish. Inverted hammer candle means it's bearish.Make sense? All right. Now let's get back to the presentation. And now when you're looking at
this, does it make more sense to you right now? Like you're like, huh, okay.So what happened? Price opened here. Price opened here, closed here, but this was a low and high. What is this? This is a bullish candle.Price opened here, closed here. What was that? It was a bearish candle. So price opened here, closed here.It's a very strong bullish. Price opened here, closed here. It's a very, very strong bearish, right? And what happened here? It's a hammer candle.This one's a hammer candle. And who controlled the most of the action? If this candle opened here, sellers took over, then the buyers took over and closed like this. Who controlled the most amount of action? Buyers.So this is a hammer candle and the buyers were in control. And in this candle, what was happening? Yes. This is inverted hammer candle and sellers were in control.So this wick is also called shatter, but you can call them wick. Whatever you call them, the names do not matter, okay? Now market's pretty simple. You can understand one concept here, but they're going to go over, all right? Market's pretty simple.I don't care what other people say. Oh, this, this, this, that, this, that, no. Market is very, very simple, okay? If I give you a strategy that is going to make you money seven out of 10 times, now it's on you.The three times that it loses, how much you're going to lose in the three times, right? Now you can make $700 on the seven trades. That means $100 per win, okay? But if you lose on the three trades and you say a thousand, let's go back to this. And let's say I give you a strategy that works seven out of 10 times.Very good strategy. Every time you win, you win a hundred dollars. That means you win 700 in total.Every time you lose, because you do not respect your stop loss, the three times out of 10 that it loses, in total, you lose a thousand dollars on these three. Now you never cut your losses. In reality, you should have only lost $50 each.Why? If you're making a hundred, you should be risking just 50, right? That means 150 would have been the real number, but you lost so much more. But if you kept following the actual system properly, you would be 700 minus 150, $550 green. Does it make sense? So you would have added profit.Now stock market will make sense. This whole thing will make sense what we're going to go over. But hey, it's on you to have the guts to respect your stop loss.
And that's only happening if you're disciplined. My job is to teach you the strategies to go over the stuff that actually makes you the guy or whatever you want to become forever. Like I can give you the stuff that makes money.I can give you the stuff that stops you from losing money, but I cannot come to your place and execute the trades for you. Now it's on you to report back to us. If you have anything, get back to us in the chat, ask us questions.Why not? That's the only way to grow. Does it make sense? If you do not ask us questions, we will never know. Okay.I'm a day trader. I'm not an astrologer. The admins in our chat, we're day traders. We're not astrologers. Okay. We cannot read minds.If you're going through something before you blow up, why don't you text us and be like, Hey man, you know, I might need a little quick little help. Sweet. Hey man, I'm struggling with this.Can you help me out? Sweet. If you do not ask, guess what? Closed mouths don't get fed. Remember that.All right. So we learned a lot in this video. We learned how to read candlesticks, how the candlesticks actually formed.And we studied a little bit about you respecting and being disciplined. All right. Sweet.I'll see you in the next one. Next video, we're going to go over which ones are my favorite candlestick patterns. What we studied right now was individual candles.Now we're going to go over individual candle patterns. And if you don't know what I'm talking about, next video is definitely for you. All right.Goodbye.
cjqh9jj619kkj68h8oh0Alright, what is going on Lord? Welcome back to another module. So in this module we're going to talk about something that you're absolutely going to love, man. So here's the thing now, alright.Fair warning to you, beautiful. After this module you'll never see the charts the same ever again. So be careful, alright? Be careful.You'll never see the charts ever again. When I say that, I mean it. Alright, so welcome to the module.Now, a little module overview, what we're gonna do, we're gonna master volume. Oh, my Siri went off. But anyway, we're gonna master volume.Once we understand volume, we will, then we will understand the next point that I have, which is how big, the big banks use us to make profit. If you understand volume, you'll understand how the big, big money, the smart money use us to make profit. And then what we can do is we can flip the whole tables on them, or we can't actually because they're too big, but we can just swim with them.We can't swim against the sharks, we can with them, like with them, right? Now, you know who try to swim against the sharks? The newbies, the people who lose money. Now, we want to make money, so we want to swim with the people. Like, because at the end of the day, we only have this.This is what we have, just this. And these are the sharks. Times million, times million this.We only this. We can swim with them, we can't compete with them, all right? As long as we understand we can't compete with them, things become a little bit easy, all right? So, we're going to swim with the big banks. And then, we're going to talk about one lesson that I learned the hard way, and I really wish I would have learned that earlier.It would have saved me a lot of money, a lot of pain, a lot of emotional pain, spiritual, mental, every sort of goddamn pain, all right? It'll save me so much. But, lessons learned, eventually, finally, I'm still happy. So, excited, this is what we're going to talk about.We're going to talk about all this beautiful stuff, and I will see you in the next video. And, maybe these videos might go a little bit long, but hey, who cares? Let's get to the money part. All right, let's go.
cjqha1mn6of36eotp5ogAll right, what is going on welcome back to another video? So this is going to be a very very very very short video. This is about the module recap that we just did All right. So what did we talk about this whole thing? We spoke about the important topics like We mastered the volume.We mastered how volume is actually used every single day how the market makers use the volume And how to actually read the volume how to catch when there's not enough juice in the game And then we learned about accumulation distribution public phase Four more all sort of stuff and how to test the demand and supply and when should we enter which is a proper target which I promise you every single module that you have done so far every single lesson that you have done so far It's going to build you up for the next one Okay, so you're going to use this stuff every single day as we move along. All right every single day as we move along Now what is the one lesson one lesson that I learned the hard way that I just gave you within three or four minutes Now the lesson was zoom out stop thinking like oh my god, this can happen right now Zoom out see what's happening Which is why you should always attend the pre-market webinars plus also the live calls where I trade So you get to see because here's the thing the strategies that i'm going to teach you i've been training those strategies five plus years And you're going to learn the strategies within a day Or two days or three days or five days a week I've been training them for so long. So I know how to trade them properly.Does it make sense? and the best way for you to learn is just like Being my shadow just look Watch and make money while you're watching Best bet if somebody would have done that to me, I would have been a total different spot right where i'm right now It's just a fact All right, sweet now, where do we go from here? I know this module was a little bit very very trickier and the next module going to be very very important Like a very very important. I personally think you should take the rest of the day off Like chill relax go enjoy come back tomorrow Or come back take a couple days off then come back I want your brain to be really really fresh for the next module. All right, they're going to be very important All right, sweet.Let's go. I'll see you in the next one now and uh, Let's take some time off either can take a day or two off And hit me up on my discord. Just send me a message and let me know that you have watched the volume session All right, I can ask you a question Or two just to see if you understand because next module gonna be one of the most most most most important module All right, and you're gonna love it.Sweet I'll see you in the next one again. Remember take the rest of the day off or take a couple days off Calm your nose. It's good.You're making progress. I promise you. All right. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye
cjqj6gr619kkj68h8pe0Alright, what is going on fam? I hope you're doing well bro. So, here we are at the end of the module now. You smashed this module.This was one of the most important modules. You smashed it. As we move along, everything is just going to make so much sense.Alright, we discussed levels. How to draw levels. Do you remember this? Remember this little chart that I showed you? How to draw levels? Go on a 60 minute chart, you go on a line chart, you draw the stuff, then you adjust the stuff based on the candlestick charts.What is the trend? Higher high, higher low, potential higher low. Or lower low, lower low, lower high, potential lower high. Yes? Make sense? Then we discussed patience candles.Only 4 types of candles. 2 look like a hammer candle, 2 look like small tiny candles. We discussed those.So, 3 things that matter. Levels, they matter a lot. Without levels, we will not know how to actually trade.Levels are not support and resistance lines. They are just levels, bro. I don't want you to even think of support and resistance lines.We discussed trends. Higher high, higher high, higher high, which is uptrend. Then lower low, lower low, lower low, lower low, which is downtrend.Then we have everything confused in the middle of nowhere. What is that? A sideways trend. Yes? And then patience candles.Do you know where the name comes from? And the reason why we love that so much? Beautiful wish to reward. And without trend, that would not make sense. They all are interlinked with each other like this.Without levels, we would not know when the trend is going to form. Without trend, we would not know when the patience candles are actually strong. And without patience candles, we would not know how to actually execute these trades.In fact, the patience candles, we discussed all different types. And if any of this is still not clear, please re-watch the videos again. Because more time you re-watch, your brain will be actually able to retain the information for a little bit longer as well.So it will be too much fun. You did amazing. You did bloody amazing. I am so proud of you. I am so happy. Let's go.
Let's jump to the next module. And we are going to build upon the levels. Now this is getting real.Now you understood this money module. Now we are going to build upon levels. Then we are going to build upon trends.Then we are going to build upon patience candles. Then we are going to build upon strategies. Then you are ready to print.Alright, I will see you in the next module now. You did freaking amazing. Let's go. Go grab a drink. Or maybe you should be done for the day now. I think.What's the time now? I think so. Go relax. Go chill.Go sleep. Go play with the kid. Go take your wife out for coffee. You did amazing. Why not? You deserve it. You did amazing.I will see you later. Go play the game bro. Go play the game. Take it easy. We will talk to you in the next one. Alright, goodbye. I will be here. Bye.
cjqjeuun6of36eotp6s0All right, what is going on welcome back to another video so now what do we do in this video we go over How do we use levels actually? Mastering these levels that we have learned in the last video right started into it make some money All right, teach the LTP Frameworks. All right. Yeah, what works here is we go on a 60-minute chart Okay, we got a 60-minute chart what to share my screen but we got a 60-minute chart, how do we use levels? We got a 60-minute chart.We use the line chart if you struggle with finding levels Again, write this down. We use the line chart to find levels if we struggle with levels I struggle with levels every day So I use the line chart to help me out and I'll give you an example to I'll give you an example to don't stress For simplicity, I just chose spy S&P500 to show as an example you ready. Shall we do this sweet? So this is the chart that we see right? This is a chart that we see what's happening on this chart We're candles everywhere weeks everywhere I I only have this 200 simple moving average on right now, but lines everywhere Okay, you know these candles everywhere like what the hell is going on, but this is a one-hour chart as you can see one It's a one-hour chart now Shall we look turn it into a line chart? Come on.Let's do this. Click your fingers Turn it to a line chart. All right now it's a line chart now It's time for us to draw some levels now.Do you see that there's a level right here? Do you see there's a level right here like this level right here at the top? Yeah, like a couple touches Yes, let's draw this level. Hey, that's right. We got the level now.What else do you see? I see a level right here first Yeah, never right here. Sweet. What else do you see we see a level? Roughly around here.It's holding this area like this. Yeah, what do we do draw some level? Right around here. I Leveled here.Yeah, what do we see now see a level here? Do we see a level here? this same level Holding boom. Now, what do we have here? We have two levels towards the upside two levels towards the downside We have four levels in total now after you have created some levels now It's time for you to go back to the candlestick charts to just adjust these levels a little bit again We care about the wicks these line charts only worry about the closing price But we as traders we want the wicks Yes Have free market and after market data on this is after market This is pre-market after pre I have all the data on okay, and I worry about wicks as well Now what while we had the line chart we have drew our levels now it's time for us to go on the candlestick chart and Adjust these levels a little bit based on our stuff now. Look at this chart All right, this is four ten point two three four nine point two nine.Let's go to the candlestick and adjust them Oh Do you see the difference? What do we do? We just moved the levels a little bit So they actually what did we do here for ten point two three
came down to these wicks right here at four ten These wicks getting started getting respected because of this four or nine point two nine We've made a little bomb at the top four thirteen point four five It was like four thirteen point three six, but we adjusted according to our wicks same goes here, right? Well, we need to add one more level. Let's say this is somewhere around like roughly around here. We have a level, right? Let's draw the level here.All right, sweet. This level looks good now After now, we have three levels towards the upside. We need three levels towards the downside Okay, it takes literally I draw these levels daily It takes about ten minutes for me to draw all the levels on the names that I watch literally I draw these levels daily.All right now we draw this drew this level on the top now Struggling here sitting here trying to figure out where would be the level on the bottom here I'm trying to feel like I can't get my head around it. So what do we do? We go on line chart again? Boom, we have a line chart now when I was in the line chart, what did I see? There's a critical level looks like here. What did I do? I drew the critical level.What do I do now? I go to the candlestick chart and boom. I have a level now look I don't want you to think of these levels as support or resistance level. These are just the levels and nothing else All right.Now think about what else is forming here Maybe a little trend line on the top. Boom. There's a trend line here now.What else is there trend line on the bottom? Boom, there's a trend line on the bottom now, right now I just want you to think of these as just levels that you find on a 60-minute chart Okay, as we go along you're gonna make too much sense We find levels on a 60-minute charts instead of us drawing levels instead of us drawing levels on the Charts candlestick charts. We draw levels on a line chart and then we adjust them accordingly to a line to a candlestick chart That's what we do. That's how we make money Then once we have levels the LTP framework L is done L is done here All right This is L now Few things to pay attention here though.The few things to pay attention to is we drew levels We don't have a solid plan yet. All right for me I do not like to make a plan in the free market plan usually comes in today. I'll say one more time I do not like to have a plan in the free market I like to make plan while the day is going which is where LTP framework comes in level the done One is done.Then I look for T when I see a T then I look for P when I look for the P That's when I make money make sense It's a check like a checklist L is done now We look for T then we look for P what is T trend then we look for P patient schedules I plans usually come in today in the morning We only make four levels and then we wait for our in today action to give us T and P Yes, all right now I'll add more examples of these levels as we move along You'll see these levels while we in the free market watch this we are creating together in the webinar You'll see so many of these examples, so don't stress But now you will understand when you join the free
market webinar How am I making the levels if you have to rewatch this session? Maybe you have to rewatch this particular lesson two or three times to actually understand this fully All right now never trade these levels in isolation as I mentioned before There are three things that you need to master to become the a plus trader that you always wanted to become Those three things are levels trend and patient schedules LTP. Now, what have we done so far? We have only done levels. So we still have to go trend and patient schedules.So take it easy. Take a chill pill I'll see you in the next video now. All right jump to the next video or go get a drink Go grab Go get some degree because at least done you're making progress.I'm so proud of this stuff is not easy. It's still good I'm so proud of it So like literally I'm proud of it. All right, let's get it.See the next one Yeah, or you're gonna go catch a drink catch a drink. All right, sweet. I'll see you after you catch a drink All right.Goodbye
cjqjfsr619kkj68h8pigAlright, welcome back. I hope you have a drink in your hand or something because you might need that You might need that. I think you might need that because it's gonna be good.Alright, so let's talk about in this video We're gonna talk about what are levels. Okay, the LTP framework the levels. Let's talk about levels now All right.Now levels. These are just the critical levels on the price chart where buyers and sellers are sitting That's pretty much it or in other words, we call it support and resistances as well Let's go over really quickly go with support and resistances one more time So we on the same page and then I'll then we'll go over and actually master this. Okay.Now, what is support now? Support is somewhere where we have multiple touches as you can see multiple touches right here another touch one two three four multiple touches That's support. Why is this bouncing every time it comes down? Why is it bounce every time it comes down? There's a reason that's a area on the chart where the buyers are strong. Does it make sense to you right now? This is where the buyers are sitting there.The buyers are sitting That's why we are bouncing every time it comes down buyers buy when the buyers buy what happens prices bounce buyers buy prices bounce Buyers buy prices bounce right make sense. Now, what is resistance just other way around what's happening here? Every time the price touches this area what happens the sellers are taking over So this is just the area where the sellers are coming in with full force prices are pulling going down make sense Now, what is this? It's an area on the chart where the sellers are strong Now, what does that look like that looks like right here the buyers are sitting right here sellers are sitting right there Eventually the buyers kind of break like this kind of looks like to me looks like a little train line on the bottom Yeah, beautiful. That's a support area as soon as it breaks we can catch this move towards the downside make sense to you Everybody.All right. Yeah, the most important thing to understand here is this Okay, the support doesn't always stay the support the resistance doesn't always stay the resistance. Okay, that's why I just call them levels These are just the levels if a level breaks towards the upside then it becomes them It still stays a level rather than you thinking or resistance becomes a new support.Yes, that does that actually how it works But how about we just make it simple and we call it levels the all levels It's just a level man. If you break the level then this is what's happening. It's just a level on the chart Does it make sense see where the L come from? It's just a level if you call it support resistance supply demand Whatever man, it's just a Level.All right that now that we understand now that we understand this. Let's go over actually Did you understand how this level became? Became this resistance became a support. It's just a level do not over complicate simple things Okay, internet likes you make things over complicated leave it on the internet here you and take a pros University, baby We make things
simple and we're gonna give you the LTP.Now you're understanding the L already now Let's look at a chart. For example, look at this chart for me, please. What do you see right now? Basically, that's a raw price action.But what happens when you draw levels on it? Will there be anything different when you draw levels on it? Anything changed now, this is a chart with levels marked out. You see this level. Where did that come from? Where did this level come from? It's a buy area but that level broke towards the downside rejected right here again A couple times then went higher.This was a resistance right here or was just a level it broke out of this level What happened it held and what happened held and where did it go? Rejected here rejected here, but the moment it broke out it started holding. So what is this? It's just a come on. It's just a level right? That's all it is It's just a level.All right, don't look complicated. Just a level All right, sweet now, let's go and the three things that actually actually can happen around these levels What are the three things that happens around these levels one it gets? Rejected. Okay one it gets rejected Around any level what can happen? It can get rejected or it can break through it comes here break through What's the third one either this or it can just go you can do a false break out false Break out now you might be like but what is false break out again? We looked at the last example only three things that can happen take notes only three things happen around levels It either gets rejected either it gets break out or we just do a false break out All right, this is this would be a false break out for example right here Let me zoom in a little bit.So you understand a little bit better So this was a level very strong level it tried to break towards the downside But ended up holding when it ended up holding what happens it just got some sellers in some people would have tried to Go short on this thinking they're gonna go down, but then it made a move up. It's a false break That's why we wait. This is why the three LTP gonna make you money Why because we catch this stuff we use other people we let other people lose money so we can make the money now That makes you bad person.I have no idea, but that's what we do. That's how we make money man This is how we make money here. I either gets rejected either gets false break out either gets a break out All right, sweet make sense now.Let's look at the next chart for a minute now What is this this is as I said before what's happening here? This is a intraday time frame five minute chart What's happening here? This is a level what happened this level broke out now this level became like a rejected here rejected Here broke out then again the level gets respected broke out right here, and then got rejected there did a false Breakout you see did a false break out and then bounced came here Did a false break out again, but finally did it break out now levels getting respected, but you might be like man This is so confusing which is why you should always have little rather than just the lines You should always think of them as zones Okay, always treat these levels these things as
zones just in your mind now You do not have to draw these zones every time on the charts any level That's running through just think of like 10 15 cents upside 10 15 cent downside It can always become a zone 20 cent zone 15 cent zone to give a point it will always be a zone now when you look At this chart makes more sense compared to this chart the chart didn't change the charts the same The price action made so much sense now does it? Right now Remember again treat these levels as freshly frozen lake if you tap the lake over and over again eventually gonna break it up Okay Now think about this for a minute, please think about it the reason why people like all right say this is the Demand area right this is a demand area price approaches down here it Bounces that means their buyers there Let's say buyers want to buy 100,000 shares in total every time it comes down they buy 30,000 shares of 30 30 40 thousand shares whatever comes on three times they buy 30,000 again the 30,000 again now they have their full position they have like let's say 100,000 position already now will there more they don't want to buy more they're they're happy now If the price comes down all the buyers are in already who gonna stop it. That's why the price breaks out Price drops because there's nobody to buy now price drops Okay, think about that towards the upside as well everyone wants to sell everyone sold who's there to sell nobody so price goes higher Make sense now now when you look at this example, you like ha that makes so much sense now It's just a level and it kept down it kept like look at this It kept hitting the level over and over again eventually sellers moved aside right eventually sellers got filled The sellers are not there anymore What happened price went higher and then this level became just a level now does it make sense to you now a little bit? so This is what L is this is L Levels, but you might be like, but right how do we draw these levels? We'll go over that. I'm the king of simplicity Okay, I like to make things simple because I understand when things are simple So this is basically the most important concept levels discussed with you as we move along the next session the next lesson and then basically the whole Whole thing whole thing as a full module on levels by the way Basically by the time you move towards the end of the whole k-capitals anniversary You would you would understand LTP? And you're gonna trade this LTP with me every single day oh Boy, oh boy.Oh boy. You're gonna make so much money Once you understand this you'll be able to take my trades even with like oh Understand now why he's trading it and you learn so much faster. All right, so let's jump to the next video now I will go over the how to master these levels how to draw these levels and stuff and I'll see you the next one All right.Goodbye
cjqjgbj619kkj68h8pjgAll right, what is going on? Welcome back to another module. With this module I am so sure I am literally going to blow off your mind with this one. Literally blow your mind off with this one.Like, period, period, period. This is gonna be money. Now, before I even start, how about, what do you think about, just pause the button, just pause, right here, go grab a drink.Go to the bathroom if you want to. If you are hungry, go eat. Whatever you want to do, just don't do this module in a rush.I just don't want to see you doing this module in a rush. One of the most, most important modules, out of everything. So, don't be in a rush for this.All right, sweet, let's get to it. All right, let's go. Welcome to the module.I call it the money module. And I will call it the money module for a reason, all right. Now, let's go on.Three things that you need in order to succeed in trading. These are the only three money making things that you need if you want to make money. Out of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of things that people talk about, these are the only three things that matter.And we are going to talk about three. Which is the first one? Just when I say three, literally three. Which is the first one now? The first one is levels.We need to master levels. What is a level? You might ask. We'll go into it.OK, we need to master levels. Then we need to master trend. OK, levels, trend.You know what I call them? I call it LTP. L T P. All right. Levels, trend and patience candles.Now, you might be like, bro, what the heck is patience candles? It's just a proprietary name that I gave to this because, hey, just a proprietary name that I gave to it. You might be like, but what is it? We'll talk about it. We'll talk about LTP.Levels, trend, patience candles. Say with me. Come on. Say with me. LTP. LTP.LTP. Here's the thing. If I would not have learned this LTP framework, man, I would have I would not be here where I am today.OK, that's not even a question. L T P. That's money. Not even a question that I'll be here even recording this video if I was not.
I found this like literally so hard. Like this was not like I learned from somebody. This is just like me losing so much money in the market.Then just like discovering it one day. That's how the life changed. Everything changed. All right. Now, one thing I want to say. Do not overcomplicate simple things.A lot of people overcomplicate simple things for some reason. Things easy. L T P. Come on. Before we even go. Say L T P. Come on. L T P. All right.It's going to be important. L T P. It's going to be money. I love it.L T P. I just love it. I love it, man. Everything that I have, everything that the car is going to drive, the house that I live in, my mom and dad, the house they live in, my mom and dad being able to retire, my wife being able to retire.I talk to my brother with this framework. I talk to so many people, other people with this framework. I trade every single day using this.I have bought so many investment properties with this one framework. I have built so many business with this framework. I have long term money getting invested by money managers by this framework.Everything came by L T P. So why would not I love this? You tell me. Why would I not love this? Every single reason. This looked after my family when I needed it the most.It looked after me when I needed it the most. It looked after my brother when he needed it the most. It looked after my mom and dad when they needed it the most.Why would I not hype you about it? Right? L T P. Motherfucker. L T P. Let's go. You're going to learn something that literally only a few people on the internet, not on the internet, in the planet have access to.You might already know this stuff, but the way we use it, I bet you don't even know how to use it. Now you're like, bro, hurry up, man. Give it to me.Take a chill pill. It's called patient scandals for a reason. You should be patient.Alright, I'll see you in the next one. Alright, that's where we're going to start about levels. Then we're going to master the levels.Then we are going to master, we're going to go over trends. Then we're going to master trends. Then we're going to go over patient scandals.We won't be able to master patient scandals straight away, which is where we're going to do the rest of the course. We're going to just master those. And then there's too much money,
man.Too much money. Literally all the money in the world can be yours if you master this stuff. Just three things.Alright, let's do it. Let's go. I'll see you in the next one. I'm so excited. Come on.
cjqjhor619kkj68h8pm0What is going on fam so welcome back to another video in this video we're going to talk about trends so as i said LDP we spoke about levels i hope that made sense now now we'll speak about trends okay trends the which is the next step of LDP framework the trends okay we need to understand trends in little bit detail so i really hope you stick around because hey i'm going to teach you how to actually make the money money money all right the reason why this module is called money module is because of a lot of factors the most important one is if you do this right there will be so much money now of course this is how to execute the trades we this is not a strategy this is a framework which we use to grow our trading the strategies still come later on in the modules but but now you'll be like but how do i select stocks we'll discuss in the later in the strategy uh in the modules then your question might be like but all right right i have done the i know the LDP now after you know all these three um where do i take profits where do i um enter the trades which is the patient scandals which is the p um how do i kind of set my stop losses patient scandals uh which stocks to trade okay why should i focus on this particular stock based on relative strength um how can i scout how can i day trade how can i swing trade how can i all sort of stuff everything comes later so don't get overwhelmed LDP is real all right that's money now let me jump to my screen and let's talk about this okay now introduction to trends okay so what is trends you i'm pretty sure you would have heard this so by now these lower highs you see this this is a high then we made a lower high it could be somewhere like this it broke the previous low broke the previous low and made a low low the lower high low low low high low this is the downtrend up until this point we're in a downtrend up until this particular point we're in a downtrend and then instead of making a lower low it still made a lower high instead of making a low low it made a high low but up and this is not confirmed high low which we'll talk about potential higher load which we'll talk about in a minute as we move along in the whole thing the trend changes the moment it breaks this lower high and pushes above this previous lower high which is actual lower high and this was a potential we'll talk about this don't get confused it broke above the uptrend started same thing now the downtrend will start this is basically how the stocks move does it make sense does it make sense the trend simply changes when we it shows a sign of the trend weakness so in this case the downtrend started getting weaker around this point when we failed to make a lower low okay and then up and around here the downtrend the downtrend you see this started because we failed the high loads right now this is a high load this is a high load this is a high high this is a high high this is a high high then we made a lower high And this is a higher. This is a lower higher life at the moment this breaks We're gonna start a downtrend again. So this thing will start and this is how the market move Okay, the introduction to trend now, let's talk about what is trend now What is the trend the general direction in which the stock is moving is called trend So if it starts moving upwards that means it's a uptrend if it starts moving downwards That means downtrend and there's three different type of trend The third one is called sideways trend and when we're not making any higher highs, we're not making any higher lows We just stuck in a little rain.
Let me give you some examples of all three There are three types of trends upward trend sideways trend downward trend And this is what upward trend look like when we are making higher lows higher lows higher lows high lows high high high high high Then we start making start moving sideways when we're not making any higher highs when we're not making any higher lows It's just moving in a range And the downtrend is when we are making lower highs and lower lows lower highs and lower lows lower highs and lower lows Does it make sense to you now now upward trend now when stock prices move higher Uptrend happens when we make higher highs and higher lows. Okay now break off the previous highs break up the previous highs This is the previous high break up the previous high and making new highs. So this was a previous high We made a new high break of this we made a new high break of this we made a new high and The whole time we are also making higher lows as well.That means it's an uptrend. Okay, that's an uptrend now What is sideways the sideways is when prices move? Sideways pretty simple price simply consolidates in a little box. That would be like something like this This is what's happening and the price starts moving in this in a box and we do not break out the box Even if we do it just kind of wick out a little bit and comes back That's sideways.All right, that simply means there's no clear direction. Look at this We are simply sitting in the middle of the range and we are not actually showing any sort of direction Okay Now what is a downward trend a downward trend is when the stock prices move lower? Downtrend happens when we make this downtrend happens when we make lower highs lower highs lower highs lower highs lower highs and Lower noise. Okay.So now break Previous noise and make new noise. This is the previous noise It broke that make a new low low broke that made it you know No, it broke that made a new low low broke that made a new low low now When will the trend go other way? It would be like when it fails to make a lower No, and it gets up. That means it changed the direction.Does it make sense? Now, let me give you an example on the actual charts. Okay, so this is actual charts. What do you see here? Okay, let me hide my video so you can see this clearly now.What do we see here is What do we see here? This is a sideways you see this this is sideways right here So what happens price always moves like this is what happened Alright price will always move from sideways to downtrend to sideways to uptrend to sideways to uptrend to sideways to downtrend to Uptrend to sideways. So these three things happen over and over again. Okay.So in this example This is a sideways when we are not actually making any sort of trend But if you want to say it, maybe we start making started making a little like this But we were holding the bottom as well. We were holding the bottom as well. Okay So now what's happening? This is pretty much a sideways.
We're not having a clear direction Now what started a downtrend started here? Look at it because it broke out of this little thing that we had after sideways. We started having downtrend This is a downtrend now what happens after downtrend we see a sideways. You see the sideways right here This is like no clean direction and this is a daily chart on Apple.Okay. Now what happened now? We started an uptrend right we started an uptrend what happened after that. We started sideways again After that what happened we started and clean up trend.Does it make sense now? Is this all clear now what happens sideways downtrend sideways this all sideways then we started a downtrend and sideways again Uptrend sideways again uptrend. This is how the market moves Does it make sense a little bit right now now so far what we discussed three different types of friends trend one Uptrend which is as we discussed right on this example We have a clean uptrend then we discussed sideways when we're not making any clean direction We stuck in the middle of the range then what we discussed downtrend This is a downtrend after every sideways move it either breaks out to the upside or breaks out to the downside if it breaks out To the upside then it makes the uptrend if it breaks out to the downside It makes a downtrend does it make sense now now all we discussed here was three different types of friends And how actually kind of see it on the chart But we actually haven't actually went deeper into what's happening right now like how do I actually trade this stuff? Which is fine in the next module We're gonna go a little bit deeper then a lot of examples will be there in the other other part of the modules or when you're live trading you'll be able to see this stuff with me or Also, we have a lot of cool stuff through the whole course which we're gonna discuss this and we're gonna build on this LTP Framework so you can make as much money as you want from the stock market whenever you want whenever you feel like it All right, it's gonna be fun. Let's jump on the next video I'm gonna keep it 10 minute 11 minute video 10 9 minute video I'll only keep a small video so you can consume the bite-sized content jump to the next one and I'll see you In the next one now.All right, sweet. You're doing well. Hey, you're doing well. Keep pushing
cjqjlgun6of36eotp700Hi, welcome back a lot. Welcome back to another video. In this video, we are going to go over mastering trends.Now, yes, this is designed by a purpose that I do not actually give you the real chart examples how to see this. The reason is I do not want you to go out there and try this right now without knowing the whole framework. OK, as you learn the whole framework LTP, then we build the strategies on it.It will make sense. OK, right now might be like, oh my God, how do I actually see it in the real time? I know how to draw levels, but how do I see trends in the real time? I kind of know a little bit, but I'm a little bit confused. Makes sense.Makes sense. This is on purpose that I have done this way. The reason is if you stay a little bit like, oh, I still have a little bit doubt, what will happen? You actually listen to the next modules a little bit in detail.Why? Because it will answer your doubts. If everything happens now, you'll try the not finished framework LTP framework. It's finished, but we do not trade this framework without the strategy.So what you do is you try this LTP framework and it will kind of bite you in the ass again. And then you'll be like, oh, my God, man, this shit doesn't work. No, it works.This is a framework we use for all the strategies. Does it make sense? So let's go into this session and we're going to master the trends. Then we're going to jump to the next part, which is basically.OK, now, what makes the trend going or trend reversing? Why does this work? All right. Now, let's go over this stuff. This stuff's going to be fun.All right. Now, what is this? What is this little thing? What makes the trend keeps going? The volume makes a trend keeps going. If the volume is there, if one of these things moves like one of the big leavers move, the one of the small leavers move, it can move pretty much everything.OK, the volume of the market price difference can help the price keep going higher. If the volume drops, the trend can drop as well. OK, then comes the big.You see this big arrow? That means market direction. If the market, if the SPY, S&P 500 and QQQ, which is a tech company, all the tech companies combined, if they keep moving higher, all these little companies will be able to move higher as well. Why? Because the big daddy's moving higher.So the kids follow, right? The market direction helps the trend going or reverse. Then comes the
company sentiment. If people like the company, the trend going to be high.If people start hating on the company for some reason, what happens? The trend drops. Does it make sense? Then comes the economic events. What are their interest rates? How fast is the inflation going? All sort of stuff is important.OK, so that's why we have Goggins running, because how fast the trend runs, how long the trend runs only matter on a lot of other factors, which is economic events like Fed's coming up, put the interest rates up, that leads, that affects the inflation, that affects the market direction because people can't afford eating. That means they won't be able to buy the luxury products. That means if they're not able to buy the luxury products, they don't have enough money and the money doesn't go in the market.So economic events influence a lot of stuff as well. If money doesn't go in the market, what happens? The companies don't make money. The companies don't make money.The earnings reports come out shit. If the earnings report come out shit, investors go, oh my God, this company is not as good as I thought. And when they think that, they sell.What happens when they sell? Markets go in a downtrend. Does it make sense now? And then we have news related to the company. Now, lately AI has been crazy, right? So any news related to the company can also keep the trend going and trend can reverse because of that.So volume, market direction, company sentiments, economic events, and the news related to the company helps the trend go in or reverse. Now, how do we use trends though? It helps us identify the direction where the market is moving towards or where the stock is moving towards. It kind of helps us.This is how we use trends. It helps us where it can go. It will help us finding high quality trades.And this is one of the two points I want you to write down. How do we use trends? One, it helps us identify the direction. Second, it helps us finding high quality trades.If you do not know the direction, if you do not know the high quality trade, it doesn't matter what I go over, man, it will never make sense. Okay. So we use trends to help us make sense of where it can go.When should I actually enter based on my highest quality setup? Make sense? Now, now we need to learn a little bit about actual trend spotting method. How do we spot the trends, right? Because that's important. If we do not know how to spot the trends, we'll struggle a little bit, right? Now, let's go over this, which is higher highs, higher lows, potential higher lows.Okay. This is very, very important topic. Now, what's happening here? We all learned about high highs.We all learned about higher lows and I slightly touched about potential. Now, what is this? Let's
go over one by one and this will make sense in just give me a couple of minutes and it will make sense to you. Okay.Let's go over this stuff. Let me change the colors. And so yeah, a trend picked up. Okay. We'll make it a little bit tiny. Trend picked up.This is the trends going higher. We had a little pullback. Now what we see is a little pullback starts happening, but it's a higher pullback from the previous one.Now, what's this form now? This is potential higher low. Now, why is this potential and why it's no higher low? It will become the higher low when we actually break out of the previous high high. All right.Remember this, it's going to stay potential higher low up until we break the previous level right here. Does it make sense? So, let's say stocks go up to here. They haven't broken the previous one and we see a little rejection again.Now, do you think this broke the trend? No, this is the previous high low. This is potential. Now, what happened? Instead of potential being here, potential shifted up until we break the trend.Does it make sense? Now, this will go as a downtrend if it breaks the previous high low. Okay. The previous high low, this is the high low.Now, this is potential. This one's potential. Now, price started turning around.Price started turning around. So, up until this breaks this particular point, up until this breaks this particular point, what's happening? This is all potential higher low. Now, what happened here is we break out.We break out. What happened? This becomes, instead of potential, this becomes higher low. Okay.Does it make sense? Then it starts reversing a little bit again. Now, this is the previous high low. It starts reversing.What happens? Then we have a green candle here which start turning things around and it breaks the higher. And what is this right here? Before we actually see this break of the previous higher high, what is this happening? This is a higher high. This is a higher high.What is this? Potential higher low. Okay. It's a potential higher low up until we break this particular point.Now, what happens? We break out of that little thing. Let me redraw. All right. Give me one second. Ah, man. God damn it.
So, it breaks the previous higher high. Now, what happens? This is the previous higher high. This was a potential higher low.And now, this changed from potential higher low to higher low. Why? It made a new high. Now, does that make sense? What is potential higher low? Up until we break the previous higher high, like in this case, it all stays potential higher low.Up until we fail this, then we start a downtrend. Okay. Make sense a little bit? Yes? Do I? I didn't hear yes.Yes? All right. Sweet. Now, might be a little bit confusing right now, which is fine.I just want you to understand. I don't want you to jump ahead. But how do I see on the chart? That's not what we're discussing right now.All we're discussing is potential higher lows, higher highs and lower lows. That's what we're discussing here. Up until it breaks.So, this is what it will kind of look like on a line chart. It will kind of look like this. So, trend's going higher.Trend's going higher. Then, we have a little pullback right here. Then, the trend starts going higher again.Before it actually breaks this point, what is this? A potential higher low. And now, what happens? It breaks out. Breaks out.It pulls back. It can pull back to like pretty much this level. It can't pull back to this level. It's still a potential higher low. Remember this. It is still a potential higher low.Okay. And then, it can reverse from here. Break.Now, it's a higher low. Does it make sense to you? A little bit like, ah, okay. All right.You get my point? Okay. Sweet. Now, this is called higher highs, higher lows, higher highs, higher lows.Up until this breaks this previous high, there is a potential higher low. As soon as it breaks, there becomes a higher low again. All right.Same kind of things go for the downtrend as well. Okay. So, if the stock's coming down, stock's coming down, you have a little pullback.Up until it breaks the lower low, this is a potential lower high. And then, it breaks the lower low, makes a new lower low, pulls back, pulls back. This becomes a potential lower high.
Maybe this is a lower high. I haven't broken playing around like this. No problem.As long as it stays below this, it's still a potential lower high that eventually breaks this highest level here. The highest level of this pullback is going to become a potential lower high. And the trend continues.Does this make sense? Okay. Make sense? Sweet. As long as this makes sense, it's good.Now, if you do have a question, please go to the discord and ask me a question. Take a screenshot of this. Ask me a question.Tag me in there. Tag me in the questions channel. Tag me. Tag me. Tag anybody in there. Tag us.Try to find the answer. Hey, we are there. If you do not ask, we would not know.Okay. Even though, again, I like to joke this a lot. Even though I'm Indian, I'm not an astrologer. That's very stereotypical for people to think. All right. I'm Indian, but I'm not an astrologer.I can't read your mind. Okay. So, if you want me to answer your questions, you have to come talk to me.Does it make sense? A little bit. That's all makes sense. All right. Sweet. All right. Let's go further.Let's talk about what's happening here. Okay. Price made a lower low, but it broke the previous lower high.What happened here? As long as it would have stayed below this, that would have been beautiful. You would have been like, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a potential lower high.It can make a low. It broke the previous lower high. Broke this.That means the trend is weak now. This is a turning point. Make sense? What happened? We made a higher low.This is a low. This is a higher low. We know that this price high low and it reversed.Make sense? Okay. Sweet. Then we have again lower low, lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low, and then lower high.Then we made a higher low. Up until it breaks this particular point. Up until it breaks this particular point.And then it goes and breaks this point. I do not want you to consider this as a trend reversal.
Trend reverses when we break the previous actual lower high. This is a potential lower high still. Yeah. This is still a potential.This is still a potential lower high as well. Then we are like 100% confirmed that, okay, the downtrend has broken. Now we can pick up an uptrend.Now this will become a sign of trend weakness. Does it make sense? All right. I'll go one more time.I'll go over this. So this is potential lower high. Don't worry about what they say. Potential lower high. We made a little higher low, but that's fine. It's still a potential.This is still a potential higher low. As long as it stays under this, then eventually this broke out. The moment this breaks out, then we are confirmed.It's confirmed. The trend has reversed. It's reversed. It went like this. Make sense? A little bit near. Sweet.Let's go to the next one. Next one. What happened? It acted as a turning point.Why? Because we broke below the higher low right here. Now this trend has reversed. Same goes in this case.Up until we break this one. This is potential. Actual higher low.The trend is still intact. So this would be the point for us to even consider this as downside. Make sense to you? A little bit.Now, I know this stuff is not easy. All right. This stuff is not easy.I'm trying to break it down as the easiest way possible. It's not easy, but you're doing well. As long as you understand the basic concepts, this whole game is going to become easy.And our goal is to get you to understand the basic foundations first. Once you understand the foundations of the LTP, we're going to build upon it like a motherfucker, man. You don't make so much money from this stuff.Sweet. I'm happy. I'm happy you understand this because I've tried my best to make it as simple as I possibly can, just because so you can understand it better.Now as we move along and I give you more and more examples, it will be like, huh, it makes so much sense now. All right. Now what happened here? Never trade levels and trends in isolation.Never trade just the levels and just the trends in isolation. As I mentioned before, there are
three things you need to master to become A-plus trader. Those three things are levels, trends, and patient scandals.So far, we know levels, we know trends, but we do not know patient scandals yet, which is what we're going to discuss in the next video. Now, please go grab a drink. Go grab a drink.This video ran like 15 minutes. Go grab a drink. It's fine.You're doing good. Now, this stuff is not easy. This stuff's not easy, but we do it.I'm repeating this stuff is not easy over and over again because I know how hard it is. All right. The best thing is when I, back in the day when I used to buy courses, I used to be left stranded.Nobody's there to actually help me out. Best thing is you have us. I want you to text me.I want you to bother me because I know for a fact you're going to make a lot of money if you bother me, right? I'm not trying to strange you. All right. You figure it out all yourself.These are the No. Any questions you have, bring it to the Q&A session. Any questions you have, bring it to the trader development webinars.Any questions you have, ask us in the discord for quick access. If you don't want to wait for seven days for the next Q&A session to come up, ask in the discord. If it's still not clear, ask in the Q&A session to me.Does this make sense? Now, the reason why we designed it this way is because we want the best results for everybody. If you win, I'm going to win. The reason how? You'll be like, how? Because this is what I like.I like when people win. And this might be like, oh yeah, yeah. Everyone says it.As I said before, as well, I'm 24, 25 years old now. 20 years down the line. If I made you a millionaire, I have connections all over the world.I can just do one phone call and be like, hey man, we need to get this stuff done. Can you help me out? And you'd be like, of course. Why? The trust is there.Why? Because I helped you make the money. Make sense? This is the reason why I do this. I'm thinking 20 years ahead.While a lot of people are thinking right now. So this is the reason why I do this. And hey, you're doing good, right? LT is done.Now, next is P. All right. Let's get this. I'll see you in the next one. Go grab a drink. And I'll be there, right? Waiting for you. All right.
Goodbye.
cjqjmtun6of36eotp710All right, what is going on fam welcome back to another video so in this video we're gonna discuss patient scandals Now I really hope two things one you like my hair because I feel like a little bit messy They don't need to go fix it. But hey, it's only you and me here. So You know, you know the drill.Okay, as long as it's only you and me and there's not thousands of people Hey, you know, I'm giving you the source. The second thing is the second thing is I really hope you went and grabbed a drink And what drink did you get cuz I need to go grab a drink my drink is right there behind that white board I have a little coffee set up. I need to go grab a coffee.Hey, and you'll see me in the neck before the next video I'll be drinking a coffee now. All right Enough, let me give you I gave you the level to give you the trends. Let me give you the patient scandals now All right, that's where the money is, baby.Let's go Patients candles welcome to the patient's candles now, you might be like but Roy this is what the fuck Well, where does the name come from now? The name comes from patient the name patient scandals come from being patient. It makes you patiently wait Does you know if you wait you can have the best risk reward set up just a minute later and absolutely love it I live for this stuff Right. I literally live for this stuff now 99% of the traders that lose money, you know what they do.They have no idea when they're getting in They have no idea when they're getting out Think about that They do not have one thing They do not have a system. They do not have a framework Which is LTP. They don't have this The second thing is they don't have patience, which is where the name comes from the patient's candles Huh, cool now, isn't it good? All right.Yeah, this is where the name comes from. The reason why I love this so much is There's multiple reasons why I love this so much. It has made me so much money over the years, man This one framework has got me retired.All right made me wealth I do not have kids right now as I'm recording this I have two different trading accounts for my kids And they're rich, they'll be richer than me when they turn 18 Help me teach my brother this stuff and turn him into a seven-figure trader. It helps me retire my wife. It helps me Retire my parents help me buy them a house It helps me renovate the old house that I was born and brought up It helped me buy the house that I'm recording these videos in It helps my cat basically have a best life It helps my father-in-law and mother-in-law have a best life Basically have my family.I was able to build businesses And hire my friends who were with me since the day one and if they are expert at it, I hired them Hired a lot of my family members who had the skill set to do what was required and the terms were laid out Yes, and they do a good job And I was able to
travel whenever I want and I am able to keep this Literally 10 grand sitting on my desk without even worrying about this. Like no stress. You can stay on the desk or what? Like I don't need this.I don't need this in my bank because my building all looked after everything looked after I travel and I was able to buy fancy cars using this. Why would you tell me why would I not love this? This is the reason why I love this so much. Why would I not love this? That's a question Doesn't make sense and I'm 24 years old and I'm recording this So my question to you is if you follow this you can have all this what I just said You can retire from your job.You can have your kids go to your private schools You can have your husband or wife have you can retire then you can have your mom and dad to live in the best life you can have your Father-in-law mother-in-law or they live in the best life You can have your family literally ring you ask I'm gonna have some money and all these people who didn't believe in you back in the day when you were starting out now They're asking you for help break the table stood you can build wealth You can have your kids being rich already to save taxes plus everything right and you can have like 10 grand Given to your wife. This is what I did up today. I literally gave a 10 grand.I'm like, hey, babe I'm gonna spend she's like But yeah, what yeah, I feel it you can literally my mom and dad they had their 30th marriage anniversary and we Was just like one of my friends walked in and he's just like here the keys and what is this? this is The house that your son bought you what and it was the first time in my dog dad face time And he's like, I'm so proud of you, right? I cried, I legit cried over the day like I'm getting a little bit emotional because Back in the day all my family used to say I'm the I'm the one who will literally put all the family down Nobody spoke to me There was a don't but they give me a call the guy hey, bro Hey bright and did they introduce me to someone? Hey, that's my pride. Hey, that's my brother That makes them happy. They're in your status That's the reason why I think you should love this This is the shit's rewarding.She is morning. I don't stop first 12 months 24 months. It's tough But then it's like I'm just so glad I never quit back in the day it's Great I'm sorry.I'm usually not like this It's just you and me. Yes. I'm just trying to talk my heart out Fuck god damn fuck Right, my bad.My bad. You didn't have to see that. Fuck.Hey All right, so the reason why I love this so much I just explained Okay It gives you best wish to reward best wish to reward on your trades and the quote that I usually tell everybody if you know Your stop-loss is literally nothing in the stock market that can hurt you I'll say one more time if you know your stop-loss, there's literally nothing that can hurt you in the stock market How good is that you get hurt when you do not respect your stop-loss? All right. Now what our patience candles are patience candles So when we are in an uptrend price pulls back to the
EMA strategies We will discuss it will form this if this forms like a candle like this that becomes in a shape of a hammer Running on top of the EMA or something that becomes a patience candles those candles are called patience candles hammer candles I'll discuss different types hammer plus some other sort of reason for us to enter So now what's happening here? Think about this for a minute. What's happening here? This was all the sellers at one stage all they can all the sellers at one stage and the bias took over Now who was in control the massive bias, right? But you have to wait for the candle to close to even look for an entry.That's why they call patience candles Okay, now never trade these candles in isolation. Okay, now just don't go Oh, there's a patience kind of forming in the middle of nowhere Always look for the one very important top point that I've learned was confluence. I Confluence what is confluence now? Confluence is when two or more critical levels are sitting at the same price point that level becomes a confluence level Okay.So in this case, it would be this hammer candle plus this patience candle plus Some EMA sitting there some VWAP sitting there some something sitting there some of the strategies We're gonna discuss as we move along and that will make so much sense. Alright, so we need confluence We never trade this by itself ever. Okay.Now there are few different types of patience patience bars now There are few different types of patience candles. Now, let's discuss them now Okay so the four different types of patience candles are these one being a green hammer candle second one being a Red hammer candle then third one being just a small little green candle fourth one being a small little red candle This is for the calls and this is for the calls for calls You want to see these just draw this or just draw this on your pen and paper and pause the video draw this on a pen Paper, there are four different type of patience candles. It will make so much sense.I hope you drew this on a pen and paper All right, this is for the calls now for the puts for the puts It's just other way around just other way around a red hammer candle a little green hammer candle But mostly sellers like on the top then we have a small green candle small red candle same. Hey make sense Sorry, this is for the put so what changed here what changed is the wicks here changed Everything else they pretty much stayed the same right now. The question is How do we use this now? There is a way we use this let's say your stock beat whatever time frame it is It's running and then having a little pullback having a little pullback.Now, what do we want? I want you to think of it as a moving train. I want you to think of a moving train Stock was going up then it reversed a little bit. So what happened the train started moving backwards It was going straight started moving a little bit backwards We want to see it stop so it can go back in its original direction make sense patience candles Basically what they do is they slow down the price.Okay, that's what's happening here So what happened? Let's say stock be whatever time frame it is running and then having a little pullback And then what we want to see after that is one of the patience candles here So basically what happened is a stock was pulling back. We wanted to
slow down This candle confirms that once this whole candle was a red candle But the buyers took over that means the price of the seller the sellers slew down like sellers are not even there now Why the buyers took over? Same thing here buyers took over same thing here Sellers were there now they slew down and the buyers took over same thing here sellers were there strong, but now they're getting weak They're making a short candle. You see this.This candle is big. This candle is big, but this candle is little What happened here? They're making a short candle. That means the sellers are getting exhausted.What we want to see is exhaustion after a nice trend Pull back then we want to see a little exhaustion so the price can go back in its original direction Now, of course you might be like but where do I enter you enter Now this you do not have to see all these four candles. This can be any of one This is one two, three four any of these one is good enough Make sense now what happened here Your entry and exit would be any of these one candle again any one not all four any one So for this example, let's say we will use um Now, where do we enter if this is the case? We enter the break of the highs on the next candle or this with the stop loss below right here Now you want me like where do I set the stock profit target? We're going to discuss as we move along up goal here is this is the entry this is the stop loss, okay So what happened here is for each and every individual candle anyone anyone can form anything here entry here Stop loss right here for here entry here stop loss right here entry here stop loss right here make sense now What happens price usually will break this and move higher than the same thing continues over and over again Does this make sense patient candles now same thing goes for the downside as well But we now we see a put scandal see the puts little puts candle. That's what we see Like for example, it would be like this the downtrends a downtrends happening Right downtrends happening.Then we see a little pullback when we see a little pullback it forms a little candle like This where do we enter we enter here with this? We enter here with a stop loss right here You do not have to wait for this candle to close. All right, one thing you enter here Stop loss right here the moment the next candle breaks You jump in make sense to you. Yes All right, sweet.Now your question might be like we don't take profits We'll discuss and another question might be like do I have to wait for the candle to close? No, you do not you can jump in straight away But the risk to reward looks so wide we'll discuss this Um, as long as these patient scandals in general is clear, that's all I want to actually do in this Yes, clear. Yes, you sure hundred percent make sense. Can I get the clap? Let's do a clap together three Just just like this three two one Didn't do it.Hey you cheeky mother. Let's do one more time three two one Boom, this is what we do it babe. This is how we do it.All right Now we have learned patient scanners we have learned levels how to draw the levels we have learned trends we've learned the patient candles Yeah a little bit now Next one gonna be boom Never trade levels trends and patient scandals in isolation as I mentioned before
These are the three things you need to master To become the a plus trader those three things are levels trend and patient scandals Now you might be like bro, but we discussed levels we discuss trends and we discuss patient scandals Why should I not trade this and I said like what are we talking about? You're missing one point which is master Need to master this up until you master don't trade that stuff in isolation, especially make sense to you a little bit, right? Yes, sweet. All right. I'll see you in the next one now.All right, you're doing good, right? You're doing good Let's go. I'm so proud of you. Keep pushing.Keep going. See you in the next one now. All right. Goodbye
cjqljrrc54i1m0muosb0All right, what is going on welcome back to another video in this video I'm going to go over and quickly do a quick rundown of the discord What sort of things we do in the discord and how to actually claim your access So by the way, the key to the discord will be in the description down below Under this video. So let's get to it. Yeah, let me share my screen and let's talk about this How do you actually get into this? So you click the key under this video and that will take you to the discord accept and buy it Right now the branding of this discord is day trading lords.Maybe by the time you actually are in the discord Maybe it will be called something else. But this is where we actually Are always hanging around so it will say hey your name Click start here to actually get access. So you click start here.It'll be like I agree to all the disclaimers and everything So you say I agree At the moment you say agree, you'll be able to see all the channels and the moment You see all the channels you also see the support channel in the step two, you'll see the support channel Okay, I want you to go to this support channel And this is a support channel, right? And this mastermind it will by the time maybe you're watching this. Maybe this will be called kcu so Go and click this ticket right here Your ticket thanks for creating ticket mm431 goes right here and you go click this Hey We will be with you shortly if you purchase Just send us your email the one that you use to sign up. Let's say your name is steve at steve.com Just send it to us, right then i'll see it on this side And i'll be like, okay or my team mostly does it it's not me who do it My team will see it and they will be able to give you the access To all the channels the moment we give you the access to all the channels, you'll see all this You'll see how to live trade with us.This is where i'm sharing my plan This is where i'm trading live sharing my charts every single day and trading on voice every single day So i'll send the link join voice and you'll be able to join the voice with me This is where we share all the trades that it takes And all the other admins are sharing their trades and stuff that they're watching right here And the charts everything whenever we are trading the charts our charts automatically gets uploaded right here, okay This is where the recordings of all the previous stuff that we did You know quick little sessions that we did with the team goes here Weekly watch list that you can click this and they will give you the access to all the weekly stuff Then there's a daily watch this before trading market opens. We kind of go over the stuff Okay This is where trading floor where I want you to introduce yourself to us like in a trading floor You'll be able to get this see this as well Then we have chat games where everyone is sharing their games people making money like look at this Look at this My 2k account. I don't know almost doubled and some somewhere close, but never mind, but Thank you.Thank you. Thank you and look at this Two thousand dollar account doubled basically made two thousand in a month Like 245 dollars in a day Look at this stuff insane insane. Look at the growth 106 69 like more money.
They're making insane 58 bucks 165 370 380 75 150 Everyone's winning like 462 dollars. Everyone is winning here. So share your win here or lossy here with us And these are our analysts that are always like on point Sharing their stuff, you know, three four hundred percent trades like normal trades for them And this is where you will see all the giveaways and stuff that we do so recently we're on one a giveaway and This is where you participate in the giveaways And this is the stuff that you'll see as gigaflows university So all the updates and stuff will go kind of here maybe you won't see all these channels because some of the channels are locked for um public to kind of see because it's like admin channels But you see them And you'll be able to talk in here.There's a mastermind channel Do you have any quotients? We are always helping each other out in this quotient area Everybody is helpful. Like nathaniel is helpful. Everybody's helpful here You know, we help each other out and then we have The training here that quick introduction You know all the cool stuff It you know, if you need quick reminders of stuff is here and this is where you get to join us um for our live trading the moment you click this the moment you click this you'll be on the Voice with us and you'll be able to hear me the moment I say this Like you're able to hear me over there as well.You see what i'm saying? You see the little green arrow you're able to hear me when i'm trading live All right This is how this kind of goes and that's pretty much the whole discord and you get to make money with us in real time But I have to give you the access when you send me your steve at steve.com. I have to give you the access Myself by giving you specific roles. Let's say legends. I give you the role and then you'll be able to see the stuff You get my point? But for that you need to grab your key down here go to the support channel and create a support ticket And i'll be able to give you the access All right.Sweet. I will see you soon. There's gonna be so much fun.Hey, there's a fun journey For one thing one quick little secret that i'm gonna tell you our team is Freaking a class and the team is going to make you so much money as a team. You're gonna get rich And we're gonna take over the fucking Stock market. Are you ready for this? Yes, all right, let's get it Well Let's get it.Hey, i'm so freaking excited. Let's go. All right.I'll see you In the discord. Um, and after this video, there's another video down below And I would call that video maybe the region video You need to watch that and then you are on the same table as us and we learn about how to actually make money All right excited. I'm so excited.Let's freaking go
cjqlmlrc54i1m0muosggWhat is going on lads, so in this video we're going to talk about one concept that has really made a Significant impact in my life. Not only in trading not only as like anything that I do in business is trading Anything that I do. I absolutely follow this one pathway and has been Enormously successful crazy.Okay. Now, let me share my screen and we'll talk about it So this whole process kind of looks like a smiley face. Okay whole thing kind of looks like a smiley face This is pretty much it.All right, it kind of starts off and has like these three or five actually five little lines running across and this is what it kind of looks like and The smiley face big smiley face that's always smiling at you with five tags Okay, let's talk about one of these five tags. So the first phase is usually called uninformed optimism And this phase usually what happens is you get introduced to new skill and you're like what I can make money By just pressing buttons at home like I can leave my job I never have to work for anybody else again. Like when you've got introduced to trading, right? Oh my god, that sounds so cool and what happens after that is The reality strucks and you open a trading account and you realize right this stuff is not as easy as I thought Right, which is informed pessimism.You're like god damn. It's actually not that easy as I thought I thought this was like gonna be gonna be all like, you know, just roses But now it's like oh my god, there's that comes with a little spiky things as well, right? So you realize it's not that easy, right? And then a few of us keep going keep still keep going and we fall into this valley of despair Okay, it's called valley of despair What is value of despair now value of despair is when a lot of people usually quit they cannot actually get past this They keep trying to make something work, but they cannot so what happens they usually quit around here and the next phase is called informed optimism All right, then you start learning about something like you know What this is what it takes in order to be successful at this phase. I have to put in the time I have to show up.I have to study I have to educate myself. I have to journal I have to talk to more successful people. I have to read more business books have to read more trading books I have to master my psychology and all sort of stuff right and when you do all that then you get to Last step which is called success, right? But you know the mistake that a lot of people do they will keep revolving around this little face So they go from uninformed pessimism.Okay, they learn something about like trading then they fall into informed pessimism They're like bro. This is actually not that easy. What the hell and then they open a trading account They're like, oh my god, let me try and then lose once twice three four five ten twenty whatever times So they go from uninformed Uninformed optimism where they're thinking that they will be the successful one They go into an informed pessimism where they start learning about yeah You are going to lose some money when you start you have to you're gonna cost you money to buy Courses you're gonna cost you money to buy books and then these people don't
want to do that They get to the value of this bet where things really get hard for you.Yeah. Oh my god. My life is so hard and Then they go back to the uninformed optimism And then one of the other mates start talking about YouTube automation or start talking about dropshipping So like what I can buy stuff run some ads and directly sell to the customers this this looks so much fun I can definitely make that happen.What happens they go from uninformed optimism I can make so much money when they start doing it. Oh, it's actually not that easy now I need suppliers or now customers are complaining and they want refund and what my life is so hard get back here Oh, I can start doing this. Oh, this looks so good.Oh, no, it's actually not that easy. Oh shit My life is so tough. Let me go back.So they keep moving in the same phase over and over again They're moving in the same thing over and over again over and over again And they never see any sort of success in their life Why because a success does not work this way for in order for you us or in part of us to be successful We're gonna keep pushing keep going. That's how we get rich. Now.Here's a here's what I want to say is my promise Okay. Now if you're listening to this, you may be here. Okay, maybe because you realize it's not gonna be that easy I can hold your hand and get you to the next level which is success Okay, I'll hold your hand get you to the next level, but I want you to meet me halfway And I want you to meet me halfway somewhere around here.Why because I want you to watch videos I want you to do all the work that I give you and I will make sure that the only stuff that I give you is The stuff that is going to make you move forward and make you get to the money Why because our goal is here success if you get ultra ultra successful, that's the end goal Which is why pretty much you paid me money Right for me to get you to success now what a lot of people do is this is the hardest phase you see this One little phase right here the valley of despair a lot of people will quit here a lot of people will quit here and I totally get it. This is the hardest phase I remember my phase when I was in this was One of the hardest toughest phases for me to actually get out of but once I got out this valley of despair I started realizing what sort of stuff that I need to do in order to get successful. I need to journal I need to have risk management.I need to be the best version of myself go work out You know do meditation have a system follow the system have a plan follow the plan Ask for help be in a community all sort of stuff that I'm new and you know What happens after this over a long period of time say month two three months you get to the success by just being aware And doing everything that you need to do you get to the success, which is the next level for you guys I this is a plan that I have for you and Anything that pretty much anything that we do in our life any sort of business that I do now I straight away know that I got a four. This is like me thinking it is so easy I know it's not that easy. I already know it because I've done it so many times I also know that I'm gonna fall into this little thing called valley of despair We're gonna feel like man.
This is so hard Then I'm gonna be like, all right, you know what in order to make this work I need to do this this this this this make it to success But because I have done this so many times It's easy for my brain to kind of think in these five steps that was I think it's too easy Then I think I sound that easy actually then I want to quit then Oh, let me see what how I can make this work And then I get to success. I've done this so many times with multiple businesses I kind of know that this is what it takes I have to go through be it whatever you do in your life You have to go through these phases be them in relationships even marriage be a whatever you go through these five phases And then you get to the success level right but because of a little bit of experience that I have I can talk about this Then one thing that I realized is it's easy when you know This is going to happen when you're not aware of this is going to happen and it's tough Yeah, because when I started training I thought oh, I don't care everyone will lose money I'm a little bit better than them No, then you basically define the whole thing the this whole concept and I didn't make this concept This was made by professors in 1970s or something a pretty good concept And I started realizing over time that this pretty much isn't everywhere. There are everything that I do Hey, so just remember this if you are someone who's sitting in an informed pessimism or value of despair or informed Optimism my goal is for you to get to the success and I'm gonna get you there, right? You're doing amazing.You're finishing up the video. I think there's three or four more videos left in the onboarding Go smash those and I will see you in the next one. Alright, let's get it.Hey, you do bloody beautiful Let's go
cjqlpfun6of36eotp8l0What is going on lads, welcome back to another video. In this video we are going to talk about clearing your mental flutter because if we do not figure out a way how to clear our mental flutter, you know what happens? The flutter gets to our life and then when the flutter gets to our life, it gets to our trading and when it gets to our trading, it affects our trading. When it affects our trading, you know what happens? We pretty much lose it on certain days and you know what happens then? We get affected.Now, let me share my screen and let's talk about it. So, this is an exercise that I will do with you right now. So, fast track clearing your mental flutter, you need to jot it all down and just right now, this is what you need to do right now, take out a blank piece of paper and write down everything that's on your brain.So, I'll do this with you. So, simply what happens is, if you don't have a pen and paper, go look at it, pause the video, go get a pen and paper. So, this is how this roughly kind of goes.I have this notebook that is actually there just for me to do brain dumps. Anyway, so, took out a blank sheet of paper, okay, blank sheet of paper, write today's date on top and whatever's on your brain. So, this is roughly how I kind of start with.I start off it with, all right, I'm sitting here trying to do a little brain dump and I have a few things on my brain and I need to talk about those few things. Write everything that you can think about, everything that you're concerned about and worried about or all the things that come up in your mind while you're trying to sleep, write down everything, write for 10 minutes straight. When I say 10 minutes straight, 10 minutes straight, say at any point where you're like, oh, I have no idea what to write about, you know what you need to do? The moment you go, I have no idea what to write about, you simply go, you write down, I have no idea what to write about, but, now, that was a thought which was holding a bottleneck for everything.I have no idea what to write about. The moment you put it on a paper, you start flowing again, okay? Do this with me for 10 minutes, write down everything on a blank piece of paper and I will meet you in 10 minutes right here, back again, just in 10 minutes, so it's 11.28 right now and I'll see you in 10 minutes, all right? Goodbye. All right, so it's been exactly 12 minutes now, as you can see, 11.40, it's been 10 plus minutes and we are here and I wrote down everything that was on my brain.I literally filled up the whole sheet, as you can see right here, filled up the whole sheet. Now, next point is, now that we have written down, next point is, you make stars on them versus checkmarks. Go through your list, read, like, reread this whole thing, okay? Go through your list and put a checkmark next to everything that is outside your control, okay? Put a checkmark with everything that you cannot control, but put a star next to everything that is within your control, okay? Do this right now, pause the video again and I'll see you maybe within the next
two minutes.Put a star next to the things that you can control, put a checkmark next to the things that you cannot control. I'll see you in a couple minutes, all right? Welcome back again. Now, I have done the stars in the checklist.I don't know if you can see the stars in the checklist. I've done it all and put stars next to the things that I can control and put a check next to the things that I cannot control. Now, here's the thing, I have multiple business, right? And I trade full-time, multiple businesses, like when I say multiple, I'm talking about four plus full-time big businesses that make seven figures a year as revenue, okay? Now, I still get to do all the things that I want to do as well, and this is the secret, all right? Now, what do you need to do? The things that you put stars on, review all the items with the star next to them that are most important to you.The things that are going to get you results in life, you need to put efforts into them and transfer them into another list. It's usually a piece of paper. You grab a piece of paper and you write down all the things that are stars, put them in priority order, okay? You need to put them into a priority order because these are the things that are going to work on for, like, you're going to work on for next 90 days or so.These are the things that are going to get you, like, should be your focus, and you need to be productive in this, all right? So, take a minute or so to shift everything on a piece of paper, and I'll see you in a minute. All right, welcome back again. So, now that we have done this, we have shifted everything to a blank sheet of paper that we had.We shifted everything there. Now, we need to put, go back to those check marks on our original brain dump, right? The check marks. Review the remaining items on the original list, the ones with a check mark next to them, the stuff that you said that you cannot control, and consciously just let it go, okay? So, one of them, let's say, if I have to say is, I was, this is one of my checklists, which is, I think I'm moving fast, but 50 to 60 percent of the growth that is going to come due to my business is because I need to hire somebody and re-end the process, and one of my managers is hiring him.That's what I wrote down. And there's a check. I don't have to do anything about it.My manager is hiring him. Well, it was on my list. Why did that make my list? Because it's in my brain.Now, I wrote down, and I'm reading it, that I cannot control it. Just choose to let it go in the universe. Like, be like, can I let this go? Yes.Gone. That's pretty much all you need to do. Okay? Go through the list with the check marks next to them.Consciously let them go. Ask them, can I let this go? If the answer is yes, just release them to
the universe. Done.That's all you need to do, and this is an exercise that usually takes about 15-ish minutes every single day for me. I do this every day when I wake up. So, after I wake up, I have a shower, I'm ready, having a coffee.Well, while I'm having a coffee, I'm doing a brain dump for 10 minutes, and this is usually sitting on my kitchen table, bench, where I'm like having a coffee and I'm writing stuff down. Then I do the check marks and the stars, and I worry about the stars for the day, and the check marks go. Like, I let them go in the universe so they don't stress me at all.Okay? Now, this is the process that I've been using from last over, actually over two years now, a little over two years, and I don't know about you, but hey, my net worth was probably low seven figures, and now it's high seven figures. I have seen the difference between me doing this, keeping me calm, and able to run multiple businesses, plus manage a whole full 40 full employees in multiple businesses team, plus, you know, getting me to enjoy the stuff that I do every single day, and it's been absolute bogus. Like, it's been bananas how beautiful I have proved.All right, now, if you haven't done it, like, you need to do this. Pause this video, do this right now. After this video, do this right now, and it's going to be one of the best things that you ever do.Do this every day, and it's important. I wanted to include this before we even start the mastermind, because the mindset, if you fix the mindset, mastermind, this whole bloody thing, we become a, basically, we become a, like, our brain becomes a mastermind for us to succeed, you see what I'm saying? And your brain is everything, right? But we need the brain to have a proper mindset, our mind to have a proper mindset for us to even see growth, okay? So, if you've done this, beautiful. If you haven't done it, please, after the video, do this, and then we get to the next motherfucking lesson, and I think there's a couple videos left now, so, you did amazing, beautiful, I love it, and I'll see you in the next one, alright? Sweet, bye, goodbye.
cjqlpuj619kkj68h8rdgAll right, what is going on lord? So i'm gonna rap for you as a lord, by the way, if you haven't realized yet So in this video i want to talk about this very very important thing called trading olympics Now, what is this? All right Now let's get to the main question that I have for you is how do we make sure that you? Fail as a trader. How can we guarantee that you never make it as a trader? All right now you might be like like bro, what the hell is he talking about like i'm so confused All right, let's get to it. All right.Let me go make a little graph here Okay, this is roughly how trading works. Okay, so we have a little line running across We have one two, this is called trader a this is called trader b and this is called trader c Okay. Now who is trader a if like let's say this is my Minus anything in minus or zero, let's call it x right Now for you to be a trader a you have to make at least 10k per month from your trading Then you are trader a for you to get to next phase, which is 50k a month.That is trader b This is this and the top is 100k a month trader. That is trader c. Okay, you get my point This is trader b. This is trader c and this is trader a you get my point Now here's the thing how can we make sure that you never get to the b How can we make sure that you never actually reach here? You are here at a or you are here at x How do we make sure you never get to the next levels? So you want to know you know what we need to change in you in order for you to actually make it in trading Right excited about this. All right, so let's get to it.All right now Let me actually tell you something first beforehand when we move further anything now i'm sorry to say this i'm not disney All right. I'm not mickey mouse. I don't give a fuck about all the positivity because I want reality for you Because I want the best for you I want this to work for you and i'm not gonna sit here be like oh, you know You're gonna struggle a little bit.I do not do that stuff because there's money on the line I'm gonna be very straight like this is what you need to do. If we don't do this, this is what's gonna happen All right, this is clear. Anyways, just remember I am a person who believes in getting shit done rather than Listening to all the motivational bullshit and filling the brain with all this positivity, but never doing anything about it All right So anyway, so for you if you're here the big problems right now that you might be having is So let's talk about big problems All right, the big problems might be like say No strategy you don't have a strategy or There'll be no clear understanding of the market Right complete understanding of the markets.You're worried. You're worried about the bills. How can I pay the bills? Oh my god, you know this or that or you're gonna be like Am I gonna work? for someone for So these are the stressful things that you are going through right now, right? I know this is stressful This is freaking terrifying me when writing this stuff down.All right now Understand I get it. This is the stuff that you're going through right now Okay, but
let's try to find what do you need in order to actually make this work? Okay, the sort of things that you need so Things that you need In order to even make it in trading. Okay.Now the things might be like for example, let's say First thing being you need one strategy All right one strategy. You need one strategy that works for you You get my point like one strategy which is gonna work for you and that is going to get you to 10k a month All right, then one stock just one stock trading one stock on one time frame one way to journal and one quarter right And you can get from trader x to trader a just doing this All right. Now you might be like what like that doesn't make sense like one This is called you know what this is called.This is called. Okay Sometimes we have to move slow to move fast and this is rule of ones things that you need one strategy one stop one time For one way to journal one quarter three months and if you do this, you will be at a okay This is my promise to you. All right now For you to get to from 10k a month to 50k a month We need different strategies, which we are going to cover in the whole case of you Okay, so kick everyone's university and for you to get to 50k from 50k a month to 100k a month There are different strategies that we will cover as we move along now The thing might be like you might be sitting there.You're like bro if I make 10k a month My whole life's going to be different. So I don't think I would need 50k cool. It's sweet Right when you get to 10k a month, we'll talk then right and it's perfect You don't have to get to 50k a month.You don't have to get 100k a month You don't have to make a million dollars in your trading you get my point These are only these are things that you know gets pumped up on the social media just for getting likes and stuff Um, if you're not a millionaire now It's okay Maybe two years down the line you'll be a millionaire. Maybe three years down the line you'll be a millionaire The goal is not to become a millionaire. The goal is to live a freaking good life The trading simply means there has to be a end for us to meet trading is a means to an end Okay, that's what we're trading you get my point now how long you might be like bro But how long will it get me from trader x to trader c? Or trader a to trader c howsoever long it freaking takes like i'm i'm sorry to say this for some people You're gonna take a year for other people You're gonna take probably three years and for some people to make a million dollars you're gonna take you 10 years But hey, it's for the journey say you're making 20 grand a month You get to travel you're sending you send your kids to a private school Your mom and dad are looked after you don't have to work for anybody Your wife doesn't work for anybody and you live an actual good life and you get to travel.I mean Do you really care about all the freaking jazz that people say? No, you have a skill that you can turn on your laptop and you can trade from anywhere in the world for the rest of your life You got them saying so doesn't matter how long it takes you to get to the million dollar mark. Okay The goal is to live a good life and that's what we're going to do here Okay, this is called trading olympics and as you go long you're gonna make money And your life's gonna be improved but stop changing the number in your head when you change the number The
number runs away from you. You're gonna change the skill Once you change the skill the money the number comes towards you All right money is very much like a cat when you try to change the cat cat runs away When you have something the cat needs It comes to you What does the money need money needs a skill What does money need money needs a strategy? What does money need money needs proper focus? When you focus money comes to you You get my point All right, see so get to the next video and we'll talk then And they're gonna be a fast track plan for you to get to your freedom.Okay. I'll see you in the next video Have fun, and i'll see you soon. Goodbye
cjqlrbr619kkj68h8regAll right fam, what's going on welcome back to another video in this video We are going to talk about one belief that has made me so much money over the years So we are going to make a million dollar vision for you right now right here at this moment Okay, you excited? So let's talk about creating a million dollar vision. All right. Yeah, let's do this So this was me in 2018 Broke now not to bash my family or anything But money was hard to come by as I was growing up constantly when I was a little kid I had to hear all the time money doesn't grow on the trees.I'm not a bank account We can't afford that, you know, and it was pretty tough. Like this is a photo of me When I first came to Australia now growing up with no money even as a family growing up We struggled to pay the bills each week. We struggled to put the food on the table My parents would literally borrow money from my auntie my dad sister and my dad would leave work for 4 a.m In the morning 4 a.m in the morning and wouldn't come home till 8 p.m. Seven days a week This is what I saw growing up daily now, you know what that does to a person like a normal little kid You become a result of your environment, right? What happens to a person when they're seeing the same reality over and over again? what happens to a person when they see the struggle when they see the strife when Lack of money lack of resources sense of hopelessness in regards to their financial future What happens when it seems like life itself is a struggle and this is what you're born into and raised into What happens is that it gets programmed into your subconscious, right? What we see daily gets programmed to our subconscious write this down What we see daily gets programmed into our subconscious, right? This is me working as a like I used to work in the hot man stuff Anyway, now there are two minds that one that thinks and the one that has automatic thoughts One is called conscious mind and the one is called subconscious mind now to in order to illustrate the importance of this and briefly going to Describe like briefly going to describe the difference between your conscious and subconscious mind your conscious mind says I want to make more money So i'm going to learn how to day trade with proper system Your conscious mind is aware and making decisions based on that awareness Our day-to-day again like our day-to-day when you're driving our awareness or you're making a coffee is actually coming from our conscious mind You're here in this conversation with me right now watching this live stream You are aware that you are here and in this conversation with me watching this training Sir, you your conscious mind is aware of you watching the training right now as we talk, right? And only 10% of the conscious mind is visible.Everything else is subconscious Okay, let's go one layer deeper. Shall we? Yeah now you're here This is your conscious but your heart right now your heart is beating 40 to 60 beats per minute Your brain is sending signals to your body through your nervous system. Your stomach is digesting food Your lungs are breathing air Your neurons are firing into your brain your heart pumping blood through your veins your livers removing toxins from your body Your mind is racing with the thought that you are not even aware of that My friend is subconscious your subconscious mind is the function of your body Mind that you are unaware of but are
happening at all times Okay Now we don't think of our heart beating but it beats Your subconscious mind is the thing that happens underneath the surface that caused the result on the surface We don't think our heart like we don't think about our hearts beating man pumping back Uh, you know the vein the blood everything but it impacts our ability to live, right? We don't think about the air that our lungs breathe yet.We know that we need air to live We don't think about our subconscious thoughts But our subconscious thoughts are the ones that shape and dictate our beliefs and decisions and our actions Therefore it dictates our results, right? Now, let's go back to when I first came here So I was a first generation immigrant no money like just for myself at age of 18 Struggled financially whole of our like we were growing up That was my reality and the result of this being my reality around that time I was learning that maybe this is what life is. You're meant to struggle and grow up like this Maybe this is what it feels like to be an adult, especially how we struggle back in india as well Right now as children, we do not get to make like we do not choose our influences But our influences determine our character because who we are around what we see what we model shapes and forms our mind So for me growing up with my family who struggled with money, you know what? I learned how to spend a lot of money. I learned how to not save a lot of money how to work for someone else How to struggle with money and how to self-sabotage because that's what I saw.So that's what I learned Now here's a belief that worked me very well for me and maybe it can work for you, too I believe that you and I we both have unlimited potential all of us Maybe like me I could be the next Gary Vaynerchuk You could be the next Alex Ramosi Alex Ramosi could be the next Jeff Bezos all of us has unlimited potential and that's the truth but When we get told a lie for long enough, we believe it to be true Write this down when we get told a lie for long enough. We start believing it to be true, right? Now who here had a family that struggled for money when you were younger nod your head If that resonates who here struggled for money themselves when they were younger nod your head if that resonates who here couldn't fucking believe How much money there is in the stock market? Nod your head if that resonates because this reality the one that you are living in right now The one inside of the mastermind the here is the unlimited potential the one that you want to live in It's a reality that's more useful the one that provides more freedom and more abundance you get what i'm saying, right? But here's the thing your conscious mind it made the decision to be here, but your subconscious mind it's scared It was born and raised into life experience and your life experiences tells you that you're not abundant Money is hard to come by and people struggle But when you get told a lie for long enough, you believe it to be true what we see consistently Starts imprinting in our subconscious mind and dictates our thoughts and our beliefs and our actions ultimately our results So we must work with a subconscious mind if we really want to become successful The subconscious mind is the mind that causes your heart to beat without even thinking about it All right Actually, let's just do this think about your heart beating for a second focus on it Put your hand on your heart put your hand right here feel your heartbeat. Can you feel it? See, that's your conscious mind trying to understand your subconscious mind, right? You can do the same
thing with your thoughts too Basically, you're taking your hand putting on your heart and feeling it beat but you're doing it with your thoughts with your mind now figuring out what you know figuring out the beating heart thoughts are The one that you're having and are going to like these are going to work to shape the way that serves the best way Or they're either going to destroy you your thoughts either going to make you or they're going to destroy you All right, the subconscious mind responds to repetition who responds to mastery mastery happens when we do something over and over again So your subconscious mind is getting used to you responding it responding to repetition what we see what we hear Consistently becomes a reality becomes a truth, right? And we begin to think like thoughts that align with the things that we we have seen consistently So we need to reprogram our subconscious mind You get what i'm saying now I grew up as a low middle class family came to brand new country at the age of 18 Lived on the street and my car that I bought for 700 dollars Now live in a mansion retired my parents and my wife bought my parents a home and my 10 mil at the age of 24 Went from broke to 10 mil within six years of immigration to a new country Think about this now for a minute, right now It's time for me to help you reprogram your subconscious mind for success because thoughts become things All right I'll give you very simple instructions and you will follow them to the T if you follow these instructions You will achieve level of success that you would have never fucking thought of in your wildest dreams All right.Now you're going to write a letter to yourself with all your goals accomplished All right, there will be a document down below but write a letter to yourself with all your goals accomplished Okay, you're going to read this letter out loud to yourself on a video format. Keep the video maximum four minutes Okay, you're going to listen to the letter to yourself every single day without fail when listening to the letter You're gonna see and feel and believe that you have already achieved your goals And you will do this every day without fail and you must believe you must believe okay I call them the vision video when I listen my vision video. I'll simply put my headphones on I'll just close my eyes and I see everything that i'm talking about in the video, which i'm going to go over now Okay, it's time to reprogram your subconscious mind for success We are going to think of four of your life's main main main most important things that brings you fulfillment and happiness The four buckets that we want to talk about is health wealth relationship and self All right health wealth relationship and self.We are going to break down each of these four areas into two categories Okay health. Let's say health. We'll talk about outcomes and character traits So what are the two or three outcomes you're looking for in your health write it down on a piece of paper two or three Outcomes that you think about your health could be 190 pounds shredded in perfect health What are the two or three outcomes once you have done that then two or three characteristic traits the character traits that you need to Implement to make this happen.For example consistent resilient committed a leader by example, right you write it down All right, you gotta do that for every single thing wealth outcomes and character traits relationship outcomes and character traits self outcomes and character traits Okay Now the key write these goals down with the gratitude for them that you have already accomplished them Okay
example outcome you wrote 190 pounds shredded in perfect health character traits consistent resilient committed and a leader by example And this is how you're going to talk in the video. I'm so grateful that i'm 190 pounds and absolutely shredded I'm in the peak condition of my life I feel so freaking good and I know that i'm the best version of myself and I feel the best shape of my life I'm in perfect shape. My physical health is freaking consistent.I'm consistent every day going to the gym seven days a week I'm going to you know, you get my point right you talk in a way you talk in a way that it feels like Huh? Like you are in your future and you're reading it out loud All right Now you're going to repeat this for health wealth relationship and self, right? It's time to reprogram your subconscious mind for success. That's what we want here You know what i'm saying now homework step-by-step homework for you Write the letter to yourself record a video of you reading the letter to yourself with full energy Like you have already achieved everything And post it in the master like post it in the mastermind chat posting the discord chat for accountability If you don't want to post it in public send it to me personally on my discord or my instagram All right for accountability Listen to this letter every single day when you wake up without fail the moment you feel down Listen to this so it gets you back up to the track. All right now i've been doing this freaking for so long I've changed my subconscious.I went from broke to $100,000 in few months and from $100,000 I'm, I learned about this vision video and now I visioned a million dollars Got to a mil then I visioned 5 million got to 5 mil then I visioned 10 mil got to 10 mil now I'm visioning 100 mil. I haven't got there. But hey you're pushing you see what i'm saying This has helped me so much check the document down under this video go download this document print it out do some brainstorming And this is the last video for you to watch in the onboarding and i'm freaking proud of you get this done asap Because we need to change our subconscious mind so that we feel the conscious mind the stuff that we do We feel our conscious mind and subconscious mind start working together when they start working together when they start believing each other You grow so much because now your brain thinks in a different way now your body acts in a different way Now the universe gives you stuff because you are thinking a little bit different you get what i'm saying Now now it's time for you to change your mentality change your thoughts and the only person that can do it is you I cannot Do it for you, but I can show you what worked for me And rest is on you if you want to get it done if you want to be successful This is what it takes and this is what you need to do right now get on it and take huge action every single day Remember i'll see you in the next module or whenever you whenever the next step is.All right. Goodbye
cjqlrbrc54i1m0muosigYo, hello there, welcome to the inside. Now, first things first, I want to welcome you. Hey, I want to welcome you beautiful.To this whole new game of the big boys area. Now, first things, congratulations. Okay, you've made an incredible decision.Now this stuff is not easy, alright. But you've made an incredible decision, not only for yourself, but also for your family and your future self as well. Right, and it's going to be so much fun.Alright, so this is your welcome video. This is the first video in the first module of the course. And again, first of all, I want to congratulate you that you've made an incredible decision.Now, of course, I'm a little bit biased because it's my course, it's my program, you know, and here's the thing I want to tell you before we move forward. I have had multiple businesses in my life, like multiple businesses in my whole career. But one thing I'll tell you, every single time I started business, I always kind of tried to go back to trading.Now, here's the thing, if you have a brick and mortar business, let's say you have a 30%, 40%, 50% markup, right, that means if you start with a million dollars in a business, which is a big requirement, that means maybe by the end of the year, maybe you're sitting at, say, 20% growth or year on year, that's like, what, 1.2 million at the end of the year, the next year you're sitting at 1.5, the next year. Like, this is how slow the businesses usually work. But in trading, pretty much it's like you can turn off your computer, like simply turn on your computer, press some buttons, and you can make a lot of money.Now, this is why I absolutely love it. I just love it. And every time I try something else, I always come back to trading because, hey, let's be real, that last four years or so, I've made seven plus million dollars just from this.Okay, and the reason why I love this so much is you can make as much money as you want, right, you get to help people along the journey, and you, like, here's the thing, you get to love what you actually enjoy the most, which is freedom, right. That's a big goal, freedom to do whatever you want, whosoever you want with, and whenever you want with. Nobody is there to tell you what to do, alright.So, now, one thing that's clear, and we can establish that you are smart by taking the decision to join this program. Now, a lot of traders that I have met in my life, they struggle, but they never actually are willing to take a decision. But you, hey, you're top 1% already because you are willing to learn, and not just like be like, oh, I don't want to do that, you know.So, you're smart, and you made a decision, so the goal of us here, for the whole mastermind, is we're going to help you successfully start your trading business, right. And, hey, the end goal is
money, right. So, I'm going to provide you the exact strategies that me and my top students use, and we're killing in trading.Like, these magic skills are something like, if you learn once, they're built over time, right. Because what happens is when you're trading, you learn, oh, this is something new. You learn, next time when that happens, you're able to make money, right, which is the last thing.Making money, even before you learn the strategies, by simply trading with me, because you have access to trade with me now, right. And now, this question, you might have a question, be like, bro, who's this guy? Why is he talking to me? Why does he have a little accent? What's behind him? Why is that KCU? Okay, Capital University. What does he have? The world is yours.I get it. I appreciate it. I want you to know that you're in the right place.You've made an incredible decision. You're going to get absolutely everything that I'm going to tell you, absolutely promise you, that we are going to turn you into a freaking machine that just prints money, right. Great.So the goal here right now, the goal for you is to finish this onboarding module, this first module, because what happens, I have done so, like I've been doing this so long, and I realized one thing about people, only, only top 10% of the people even watch the onboarding videos after they have joined the course. They don't even watch the onboarding videos, but if you're listening to this, that means, hey, you're the top 10% already, and these are numbers, and you can't just like, like, ah, yeah, whatever. These are the actual numbers.This is going to determine if you're going to make money or not. So, hey, promise me, you're not going to put it to tomorrow. Get this module done today.There's like six or seven, eight videos. Get this done today. This is what you have to do right now for you to even get to the top 10% finish these videos, okay.Now, this is just so you are ready to make a killing with us moving forward. All right. So again, congratulations on making these incredible decisions.I know you might have a lot of questions right now, and that's totally understandable, but I'm going to get to all of those. All right. The only thing that you need to do right now is finish your onboarding so we can go ahead and, you know, get you to be the top 1% dude, bro.There's so much money in the stock market. You can literally have all this money just sitting, I know this is not a lot of money. This is like, sitting on your desk, doing nothing, collecting dust because you just like the feeling of having cash sitting on your desk.Okay. So go ahead and do the onboarding videos, and I will see you in the next video. Keep going.Keep pushing. I know you got this. All right.
I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.
cjqm0vuf5v5aldgdph0gWhat is going on? So welcome back to another video. Hey, you have made it and you're on the next video now All right. So in this video i'm going to go over a mission that I have for you.Okay, let me share my screen And let's get to it. So this is a mission that you have moving on forward. This is what I want from you Okay, your mission as a kcu lord k capitals university lord You will get paid to trade the markets while having fun and live life on your own terms Right like you get paid to trade the market Somebody pays you money to trade the market and you get to have so much fun and you get to live life on your terms How good is that? So a couple weeks ago.I was at a beach house and I was trading from a beach house and I Pressed some buttons on a mouse. I think I made like four thousand dollars And that then I was like going for a little walk around the beach I had a realization that I was in a private beach I had a realization that I just got paid to press some buttons now. I have nothing to do for the whole day Except just enjoying my life Except giving calls to the people that really matter in my life giving them phone calls facetiming my mates having fun You know this and that or um doing something that I like to do and me and my wife together, you know Some sort of stuff so i'm married and some sort of stuff It was the best feeling ever that i'm living life on my term and I am getting paid to do what I love Right, it's crazy.It was incredible this year like incredible feeling um now There's three things that I have seen people who make a lot of money from trading a lot of money from trading They do three things. So the first thing is take huge action every day. Here's the thing All right Everybody who I know who have made a lot of money in trading like when I say a lot of money I mean like seven figures eight figures in trading they take huge action be it Just anything man, not even just trading any business trading is a business any business They take huge action every day rather than sitting on the sidelines and waiting.No, they're like full-on speed success Love speed universe always falls in love with the people with the person who is moving with the speed and who's Stubborn enough to make it happen. You get my point? So take huge action every day every single day you're going to do the stuff that you know Is going to make you move forward for example watching this course plus trading with me plus journaling Plus if you have bills to pay you might have to go do the job as well If you work at a job you might have to do that as well But taking huge action every day is what is going to make you move forward getting rich is not easy All right, if somebody told you this stuff gonna be easy. No, it's not gonna be easy, but it is a fun journey It's a process because the rich the r-i-c-h the number the name it keeps changing It's very subjective you right now maybe think six figures is being rich by the time you get to six figures You're like, oh man five hundred thousand would be rich by the time you get to um, five hundred thousand You'd be like a million gonna be rich then you get to a mil then 1.5 two mil gonna be rich You see what i'm saying? So it's very very subjective, but you take huge action every day It's about the process
and getting to enjoy the process man You get what i'm saying? Now other thing that I have is people who actually get ultra rich they bet on themselves every day Now here's the thing we as human beings we like to bet on other people, but we will never bet on ourselves Right instead of us buying a 20 book, you know what we go like we always think oh do I need it? Do now I don't know.Is there any free copy somewhere? But we do not even think about spending 20 dollars on netflix subscription 20 dollars on sam 20 dollars on disney subscription or whatever, right? Now here's the thing that doesn't just cost you 20 dollars. It costs you your time Think about this. All right, and that time is never coming back.You got him, right? So simply you're betting on other people the actors you're betting on them that they will be the best bet for you To spend that three hours or four hours that you're going to spend in front of tv instead of doing something about your life So bet on yourself rather than betting on every single other person that is not going to make you rich So if you started watching this, I want you to finish the whole thing Okay I want you to finish the next six months and be an absolute beast and bet on yourself that you can make it happen If you do not think that you can make it happen. I'm, sorry How do you expect other people to actually believe in you? While you say you're going to make it happen. Nobody's going to believe in you if you do not believe in yourself Does it make sense? I'll tell you a little bit of story.All right, so This right here bet on yourself this right here. This is me. Okay, this is on my instagram This is me.This is 2018. This is me. No sleep from last 26 hours and yet more 17 to go Now here's the thing now Back, then I was betting on other people.I was bought because of my choices. I was betting on other people I was betting on my boss that he will pay me money that I have to work like 40 hours in one shift Because that's what they need and he's going to give me money I was betting on him to give me the money and then over a long period of time Maybe within the next 12 months or sorry I have certain changes in my personal life that I got to experience the other side of the things because I Made friends with couple like not ultra ultra rich but couples doing well people who have their own businesses There was a little shift in my mindset and that led me to the person I am today Like this is what happened 2019. I got into a better mindset and things changed So I started betting on myself and that's how the things change.Otherwise, everything would have been the same you get my point now Here's the thing now last year. This is my live login from last year 1.6 I think if I did that in september, but I finished the year like 2 million. Now, here's the thing This is last year 2022.This is this is like april 2023 100 grand. But anyway, this was 2018 This is 2022 only three three and a half years. I'm making millions now what changed by the way This is a live login now, you know if you're thinking oh, yeah, yeah, whatever This is live login of me logging into my account
and actually showing that it's a live account.It's not bullshitting Okay, you get my point so the only thing that I want to actually convey here is I started betting on myself and I grew in my life to a Level where I am extremely comfortable. I got to with I get to retire my wife Retire my parents got to my house retired my brother taught him how to trade made him a seven-figure trader Bought a house living the life living the dream and the third point is be a learning machine Now here's the thing about rich people. All right.I have like I speak to every day I speak to people who are seven figures net worth eight figures net worth and sometimes I talk to people who have nine figures net worth And you know, they will be like they're one of those people who let's let's say Let's let me give you a little example of a dude that I know. He's both nine figures Nine figures like kind of middle class. Anyway, we're having a conversation and I said something and you know what he did He quickly opened his phone and he quickly took a note I'm like and I saw him taking a note because we were standing really close and he's taking a note.I'm like What are you doing? He's like i'm taking a note. I'm like, I thought you know, this is like, ah We as human beings we do not need to be taught. Sometimes we just need to be reminded And I was like, huh? So you're taking a note What you're gonna do about it because he's richer than me.So I'm gonna listen to him as well If he's listening to me, then listen to him. He's like, ah, I'll you know I'll do a little bit of brainstorming around this and uh, see if this makes sense Now I will try to implement this in our business And that day was a realization that I am below him and he's still taking like willing to take advice from me I'm not i'm not worth 100 mil But he's willing to take advice from me and take a note That means I can learn a lot from people who are not doing as well as me But sometimes they're giving me actual legit advice, right? Now, of course, I won't listen to someone who's like, you know Absolutely a couch potato doing nothing about his life but Of course i'll listen to somebody who's trying to make something out of his life and knows Thing or two about the stuff that i'm asking question about, right? So be a learning machine That's the whole point right be a learning machine. And the last thing that I said here is the six-figure trading profit challenge A quick little story 2019.I believe it was Now because I made friends with a couple rich dudes, you know, they're not extremely rich, but they're like doing well And they wanted me to a party or something and I got introduced to some other dude and he was a day trader as well So, you know, we just made friends and I told him what I do i'm trying to learn and this stuff And he was very receptive of like Me asking him questions and stuff and he just gave me his business card So anyway fast forward He taught me a little bit. So he probably was my mentor. He taught me a little bit about trading And then what happened was one day He told me he's like the six figures This is the exact one the six figure trading profits challenge is what you're going to do now Like what do you mean? He so he said how much money do you have in your trading account? I'm like
roughly five thousand.He's like the moment it is a hundred thousand Then you come and ask me what you're going to do next. You already have a trading system You have everything that it takes now Only thing that you need right now is you yourself go turn this into a hundred thousand and come to me talk to me I was like Okay, sweet um And it took me quite a few months like quite a few months and but I did it then I came back to him I'm like, hey son, it's a hundred grand, you know, he's exact words. He's like, all right So the first hundred grand is hard and after that to get to a mil, you just got to keep repeating it Whatever got you from five thousand to a hundred thousand keep repeating to get from a hundred thousand to two hundred two hundred Three hundred three hundred four hundred all the way to a mil then come talk to me I'm just like what but those are the best things that ever happened to me because I grew in my life Like a motherfucker because now my mindset is about the process.Okay, not just the end result. So Hey jc lord, this is what you are right now All right, this is who you are and I want you to accept your reality You are a lot now So you get paid to trade the markets every single day and have fun and live life on your own terms But three things that are required for you to make take action every day Is huge action back on yourself and be a learning machine and then six figure trading profits challenge. We're gonna get you to six figures And um, let's make it happen All right And you're doing amazing you finished the second video you finish the first one you finish the second one Now get to the third one and I will see you there.All right, you're doing very good. Let's get this
cjun2btgsuq2i82sr7r0What is going on fam, welcome back to another video. So in this video, in this module, we are going to talk about strategies, we are going to talk about some hourly strategies, some gap strategies, what not to trade, how not to trade, which one of the most important ones, how to take profit strategy, ORB strategy. This is like strategies now, we discuss levels, we know what trends are, we know patience, now we're gonna get the strategies up, so we know levels, we know the trend that's set up, we know how to actually catch the patience candles, right? So, now let's look at the stuff, what we're gonna cover in this module is time frames that are used for trading, we're gonna go over time frames that I personally use for trading, okay, and we'll go over hourly breakout strategy, if you wanna take a breakout, so if you wanna do, you know, patience candles, that's what I simply mean here, then we will go over the gap strategy, okay, which I also like to call sucker strategy, okay, then we'll talk about how not to trade the market, because if you learn how not to trade the market, everything becomes easy, and then we'll talk about where and how you should be taking profits, it's a little bit advanced profit taking strategy, but we'll discuss that, then we'll go over ORB, trend or chop strategy, okay, how can you figure out that it's gonna be trendy or gonna be choppy, then we'll talk about ORB bounce or reject strategy, okay, make sense, so we got quite a lot to fix here, and so let's start with the first one, how I select stocks to trade, you know, some time frames that I use to trade and all sort of jazz, let's get to it, and let's get started, alright, I'll see you in the next one now, alright, goodbye.
cjun6gcjjjkp5adbsf30All right, welcome back a lot. In this video we're going to go over how do I make my watch list for the day All right, and plus sort of time frames that I use and a little bit again We'll do a little talk about the checklist that we Use every single day and then we'll jump on some of the examples on the charts moving forward Okay, so how do I make my watch list for the day? So I make my watch list Okay, I make my watch list the weekly watch list comes from the daily charts Okay, the weekly watch list comes from the daily chart that I make my watch list every single day on the hourly chart So the weekly that I stuff that I do on sunday when I sit down I look at daily charts all over Okay, then when I each day every single day right when the market is about to open I look at One hour chart I draw my levels. Okay.Now I do not recommend anyone trading to trade using one minute chart It gives too much information. It gives too much unnecessary data and it makes things much more Harder than they actually are for us to process Okay So how do I make my watch list? the weekend watch list comes on sunday from a daily chart the everyday watch list come from hourly chart and I do not use one minute time frame at all But what time frames do I use now time frames that I personally use to trade now? This is a little bit going to be a little bit tricky. So please write it down Okay, please write it down.I use two minute chart to trade for first 30 minutes of the market open Okay 9 a.m eastern time to 10 a.m eastern time the two minute charts Then I use five minute chart to trade for an hour after that 10 a.m Eastern time to 11 a.m eastern time then I use 10 minute chart to trade for rest of the day Then 11 a.m eastern time to whenever you want to trade that. All right, this is it This is the how we trade money bit All right, two minute chart first half an hour five minute chart for one hour and then 10 minute chart for rest of the day Pretty much. It's great.Got it. Good all done. It's great again All right now I will jump on to the next video because I want to keep it short and very sweet the time frames that I use to trade But I keep it short little short So where do we go from here jump to the next one and we'll discuss about how do I trade hourly levels? Okay, i'll see you in the next one Again, we're discussing hourly levels again, but jump to the next one and we'll talk there.All right. Goodbye
cjun639bb72p7oi2cjggHey Lord, what's going on? Hope you are doing amazingly well. Alright, so now beautiful, we got a couple of things to discuss. Is, you smashed it, you smashed another module, and you're doing freaking amazing.Money's coming for you. Hey, money's coming for you. Money loves people who love speed. Success loves speed. Success attracts speed. And speed attracts success.Just the way things work. Now, what have we discussed so far? Up until this point in this module, what did we discuss? We discussed a few things, actually a few things. So we went over how I trade using hourly levels, which was freaking important.I know that could have been a little bit confusing, but it was good. Checklist for pre-market and hourly levels. It gave you the checklist, the style sort of questions that you need to ask yourself.And we looked at multiple examples on a 60-minute chart. And basically, I got you fall in love with them. I really hope I did, because that's the first most important concept.LTP, one of the most important concept, L levels, P trend, P patient schedules. So that's all clear. Give me a little thumbs up.Give me a little thumbs up, so I know that's all clear. So let's move ahead. All right, one, two, three.Let's go. All right, sweet. Now, where do we go from here? You have two options.One, you keep going to the next module. Second, you go grab a coffee. Now, the reason why I say coffee, as you can tell, I love coffees.I freaking love coffees, man. I absolutely love coffee. I drink probably 10 coffees a day.It's just me. I drink too many coffees. So you can grab a coffee, but you keep going to the next module, and you're doing amazing.So I'm proud of you. All right, let's get it. All right, you see that? You see that little, what it say? It says, the world is yours, and I'm going to make sure it's yours.Well, it put me on this earth for a purpose, and I'm going to make sure I get to that fucking purpose. All right, let's get it. I'll see you in the next one.Good one.
cjunbicjjjkp5adbsf60Alright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video, another module. This is going to be so much fun. So in this module, we're going to discuss hourly levels.Alright, hourly levels are important. They're one of the most important things. Alright, the reason why I want to repeat it so many times over and over again is every time you're going to learn, you're going to learn something new from this.Alright, because hourly levels are very dynamic. But the reasons, we'll go over everything in a little bit detail, so it will make a little bit more sense to you. Don't stress, I got you.And hey, should we get started? Should we get started? Should we go over a little bit of stuff that you should expect from this? Yes? Alright, welcome to another module, hourly levels. So a little module overview. What we're going to do in this, my whole goal is I'm going to go over how I trade using hourly levels.Okay, now before we learn the levels, how to draw levels and stuff, now we're going to go over how to actually trade using hourly levels. Alright, then we'll go over the checklist that you need for pre-market and hourly levels. You know, it's not a fancy checklist.You do whatever you want with it. This is the stuff that I kind of look after. It's not like I'm going to give you a checklist to actually, you know, mark before the day starts.No, it's not that yet. We'll have the checklist as we, as the course move along. This is stuff that you need to look after every single day.Just write it down on a piece of paper. Why not, right? I'll give you the checklist for pre-market. I'll give you the checklist for hourly levels.Alright, and then we will go over, we'll look at multiple, multiple, multiple examples of 60- minute charts. Now, the reason why I want you to look at multiple examples and all the examples are just based off one thing, one stock, Apple. The reason why I like Apple is if you're a small account, you can afford Apple's options.If you're a large account, you can trade Apple options and you can do multiple, like a lot of size. Why? Because there's a lot of volume. And I didn't go up there and I picked the best examples that look just the best just to put in my little video.Pick the date, just dropped a random date. And then I looked at, okay, I'm just going to go two months from now. And I'm going to put all the two months examples, then pick and choose.So some of the examples might be like, Oh, what, what, what? Some examples would be like that because stock market's not perfect. Okay. It doesn't matter how much we want it to be perfect.
It's not perfect. Perfect doesn't exist. So because now the perfect don't exist, that means me picking two months of straight examples, one day after the next, one day after the next, you're going to reveal that market's not perfect.And that's what I want. All right. Now that is my way of getting you fall in love with 60 minute charts.This is my way of, rather than me saying, Hey, love this. I'm going to show you the examples. So you actually fall in love with 60 minutes as well.How I fell in love with them. You in? Yes. All right.Excited. This is the only stuff you're going to do. There'll be lots of examples and a little bit of theoretical part.Ha. You're like, Oh, I love it. I love it too.All right. I'll see you in the next video. And, uh, let's look at how I train using hourly charts first. And then we'll go over the checklist in the next two next video. All right. Great.I'll see you in two minutes or a minute and I'll see you there.
cjunfp13fsk5kpg8929gHey lord, what's going on? So in this video, we're going to go over How to actually not be a sucker and how can we catch the suckers in little bit detail? Okay, we need to build upon that skill that we discussed a little bit in the last module All right, so you know, who's the sucker? You know, who's the suckers? This guy's a sucker, right? So now how to trade gap ups and gap downs safely, which is a sucker strategy. Let's go over the checklist now 95% of the time this play will start working within first five minutes now pre-market gap up or gap down We have a big pre-market gap up gap down This is a checklist that you need every single time look for the fast continuation of the trend at the open then reversal Consolidation or fast buying selling pressure at the critical level look at the level two, which we're going to discuss in the next module Five minute candle should close above or below a level. This will make sense All right, just take a screenshot of this for now.Okay, take a screenshot of this for now, please Okay, stop loss You know by the side of the critical level enter right at our level profit target on the rebar cap fill or arbitrage levels Whatever we have take a screenshot of this. We'll come back to this I'm gonna two minutes later, but we will not even need to come back because it will make all right See make sense now. It might be a little bit confusing but stick with me.It will make sense in five minutes now All right, let's look at apple in the pre-market what happened on apple in the pre-market apple is everything looks good I think everything looks pretty much pretty decent, huh? Okay, but let's look at five minute chart now, right? So the five minute chart there was cpi numbers coming out consumer price index numbers coming out So on the cpi numbers what happened price fell from 148? To all the way down to 142.37 price fell all the way down, right? That's a big gap down because of a news You know what? A lot of people are thinking they want to go short the moment the market opens They want to go short or if this is what people go if you broke free if you broke free market You're gonna keep going now or if you broke free market. No, you're gonna just go to zero what they've already made a big move Now imagine someone's shorting here. He's already up decent numbers, right? He's gonna take profits now Where's the best way for him to take profits where other people are selling so he can buy the shares that he shorted Why would other people sell because they're going short? So when you go short you have to sell and where would other people be selling? Then they're going short right here.And what does he need to do to close his position? He sold first now. He has to buy back. So he's simply consuming all the supply And making the price go higher.This is what usually happens price will break will break a little bit, right? And it will bounce Now, where do we enter? You and me we enter the moment it reclaims this level straight away. We'll be already in this position here Okay, can it look like this? Everyone's like oh my god. Oh my god.
It's going it's going let me jump in Let me jump in what happens boom and they go. Oh, let me see where my stock price is sitting right here We're already in position Now look at this. This is yesterday's level price went there and rejected now if you think about this, this is this is 145 This is 142.35. That's two dollars and 60 cents move.That's money He came a point where we're using other people's emotions to catch the move. Yes Let me give you example on the other side now, this is meta what happened on meta meta this is where it closed Below and closed here and opened higher now. That's a gap up These are called gap ups and gap downs or I like to trade these big one candle fucking drops or one candle push ups Okay, those are gap ups and gap downs now what happened in this case now this I would not consider a gap up Doesn't matter how far it closes it goes here But the price opened and slowly went gap up is like when you actually have nothing in the middle Now what are a lot of people doing or if it broke the upside bro, you're gonna keep on going That's usually what now happens and this is what happened boom broke the moment it came below this level Feel free to go short boom another patient scandal boom.What happened here again came back to the previous supply zone What happened boom patient scandal right here boom another one boom Does it make sense now things are clicking don't do what a lot of losing traders are doing. That's the only lesson here Don't keep repeating the mistakes that a lot of losing traders are making we need to be Thinking different than the traders who are losing money The reason why they're losing money is because they have no idea what they're doing, but we know what to do now All right make sense now this basically pretty much concludes our second strategy, okay in the next video We're going to talk about how not to trade strategy because once you learn how not to trade you could Life just it's just become so much easier All right. Yeah All right, a lot of examples coming.Well, everything is examples from now at this point onwards The whole module whole course pretty much is examples like what I gave you now. All right. I'll see you in the next one All right
cjunh6dgsuq2i82sr870Alright, welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're going to discuss how I trade using hourly levels. Let's jump straight to it.So now, how to trade using hourly levels is going to be very short video. The reason why I want to keep it very, very short is so you can actually rewatch this video over and over again. So you can understand why I trade using, how I trade using hourly levels.It's going to be a short video, maybe two or three minutes and let's get to it. Now, 60 minute chart, 60 minute time frame is my absolute favorite. The reason why is, the 60 minute is where I find most of my levels.Alright, it's a simple time frame for all the big money people and the small money people, they all use this. Mainly the big banks and funds use it. And your question might be like, but how the heck do you know? I have a lot of friends who work for big prop firms, who work for big hedge funds, who work for big banks.And I've spoken to a lot of people and I've asked them, what's your pre-market schedule like? And I've spoken to traders who make them literally 10 million plus a year. What's your pre- market stuff like? What do you do? I look at the hourly levels, I look at my levels, test it for supply and demand a little bit. I'm like, huh, hourly level.Everywhere I went, hourly levels, hourly levels, hourly levels, 60 minute chart, 60 minute chart, 60 minute chart. And then I came home and I'm like, let me actually figure this shit out. It just made sense.It's a time frame for big and smart money. It's one of the most crucial time, like most important time frames to test before. What is the meaning of testing? To get to supply and demand level.We want to know where the seller is going to be. We want to know where the buyer is going to be. We want to know if the sellers move to side, prices can go higher.It's just the cleanest chart with all the micro price section. It gives you the micro price section. This is why I love it.It gives you the micro price section, what's happening in today. It gives you the macro price section, what's happening on a daily or weekly basis. Why? Because it's somewhere it stands in the middle.It stands in the middle of the daily chart and the small time frame. It's just somewhere in the middle. It looks like the light tower in the middle of the lighthouse, I think they're called.It sees everywhere. It just pays attention to pretty much everything. That's why I love it.
It's a cleanest chart with the micro price section. The levels can keep changing as the day goes along. The levels can keep changing as the day goes along.That's why I love it. Because levels keep changing, that means more money you can make. The daily chart is going to give you macro, the biggest structure.As I said before, the daily chart is the macro. Hourly chart is going to give you a little bit of macro, a little bit of micro. Everything is just in the middle.From now on, if you're listening to this, I want you to make your watchlist of 60-minute charts. There's a question might be like, should I leave the pre-market data on and aftermarket data on? Yes, use pre-market and after hours data on. Alright, so 60-minute chart is my favorite.That's where I find my levels. It's best chart to look at macro structure, micro structure. It's a chart that a lot of big money, smart money uses.So that's why I kind of like it. From now, you are going to make a watchlist of a 60-minute chart. Please use pre-market and aftermarket data, the extra hours data.Please have that on the charts because that is important. Alright, in the next video, we're going to go over the pre-market and hourly checklist. So make sure you bring a pen and paper and that's when we are going to get into all the examples after that.Alright, sweet. Sounds good. Alright, I'll talk to you soon. Maybe in a minute. Alright, hope so. Alright, goodbye.
cjunijdgsuq2i82sr880Hey, what is going on Lord welcome back This is the last recap video of the module and you have a you have if you're watching this you have proved to me You have what it takes to be successful Keep pushing keep going promise you the universe falls in love with people who do not quit don't quit halfway His universe is looking at you. All right, like That dude still trying that chick is still trying. Oh my god.She should have or he should have all the money Right, this is how things work. So module recap. What have we discussed so far? Sorry, we discussed the time frames are used two minute five minute ten minute charts Then we look at we looked at hourly charts some levels then we spoke about how to actually execute using that stuff Then we look at then we looked at suckle strategy the cap strategy what we discussed Then how not to trade the market remember the 60 minute to a moving average Then we looked at where and how should you be taking profits remember the five minute To a moving average or two minute to a moving average or ten minute to a moving average regardless of the time frame Okay, then we spoke about ORB how that can help us for defining trend or chop Yeah, then we spoke about ORB bounce strategy and then we went over ORB rejection strategy Which was all combined in ORB bounce and reject strategy so far Hey, you killed it you like this is insane.This is insane. If you're watching this again I'm gonna say only the statistic says only I think 17% of the people actually even watch first 10% of the course But you have watched like 60 or 70 percent right now, and if you're still here You have what it takes right You're still here. Let me know in the chat and say I just finished my Strategy session and it's insane or whatever you think about it.Let me know so I know who you are. All right Glad glad glad I'll be glad to help you. All right, if you have any questions, I'll be glad to help you whatever it is All right.I'll see you now again. Make sure you let me know If you if you reach still here, and I'll see you in the next module All right, don't rush this take rest of the day off Doing amazing and go look at this stuff on the jobs and we'll make more sense. Alright, I'll see you in the next module
cjunn9cjjjkp5adbsfcgAlright, what is going on, fam? Welcome back to another video. In this video, we are going to go over how and where to take profits on the charts while you are trading. Now, this video is important.It won't be a very long video, but this video is important. As soon as you finish this video, I want you to jump onto your charts and actually see this stuff happen in the real time. I would not add a lot of charts because I know for a fact, as soon as this video finishes, you will jump on your charts and you will try to make sense out of it and it will make sense all of a sudden.Now, let's jump to my screen and let's talk about it. How and where should you be taking profits on the charts while you are trading? Now, let's say, for example, if you are short on Apple at 156, this is how you went short. You entered here, 156, this is your entry.Your target is 153. And the 200 moving average is sitting at 154. Right here, in the middle, we have 200 moving average sitting.154 on a 5-minute chart. Now, you better get out when the price touches or about to touch the 200 moving average. So, if it's approaching rather than 153, you better get out here or when it's about to touch on a 5-minute chart 200 moving average.Now, you can wait for it to close below the 200 moving average here and then you can re-enter if you want to. But remember one point, this one lesson that I learned very hard way. 200 moving average doesn't tell you what to do.It always tells you what not to do, which is very, very important in the stock market. If you learned how not to trade, you'll be able to beat every single person who kind of knows a little bit of how to trade because you have no idea how not to trade. That means he will keep losing the money on the trades that he shouldn't take.That means his confidence will be shaken. When his confidence is shaken, that's when we take his money. This is the game we are playing.Someone has to lose for us to win. If we do not lose money on these trades, what happens? Look, our confidence is intact. Our confidence is intact.What happens? Our chain is intact. When our chain is intact, our consistency is intact. What happens when we have all C together? When we have all C together, we make a lot of money.Remember the C framework? C times C times C. Now, let me jump on some examples. Let me jump on the charts and let me show you some stuff. Look at this.Again, this does not tell you what to do. It just tells you what not to do. Look at this.
Let's say you went long. For example, let's say you went long here. You went long here. This is what's happening here. Approaching. What would happen? You reject it.You reject it kind of again. You kind of reject it again. Again.Again. 200 moving average on a 5-minute chart. This is a 5-minute chart.Insane. So whenever you are trading, suppose 30 minutes you are going to trade 2-minute chart. Then you are going to trade 5-minute chart for the next 60 minutes.Then you are going to trade 10-minute chart for the rest of the day. 200 moving average regardless of what time frame it is, it's important. Does it make sense? Sweet.Now, what happened here? Reject. Reject. Reject. Reject. Now, let's look at more examples. It came down.Let's say you were short here for whatever reason. Like hypothetically say you were short here or you entered here. 200 moving average approaching.You should sell everything because what can happen? We will be, maybe we will bounce. It's not worth taking the risk. You might be like, what if it doesn't bounce? What if it bounced? You are going to give back your profits.May as well wait, close below. Another patient can catch the move towards the downside. So, what happened here? Bounced, approached again, bounced again.So, pay attention to the 200 moving average regardless of the time frame you are trading at that given time. For example, another one. Look at this.Broke below in the pre-market, went below, came back. Let's say you were long for whatever reason. This is where you take profit.Look at this next reject. Such a heavy reject. That's nearly a dollar reject.Like one dollar move. Another patient's candle happened here. Beautiful move down to the low of the day.You get my point. Approached again. Tried to break. Boom. Fell again. Same thing again.Then eventually broke out. Eventually broke out later on in the day but now we know for a fact by the end of the day it's sitting in this chop. You know what? Don't worry about it.It doesn't make any clean direction. It's just sideways trend. Remember the trend? 1 is levels, 2 is trend, 3 is patient's candles.
We caught a little bit of move here. That's good. Because of the patient's candle, because of the trend, because of the levels.Everything is good. But now it's too choppy. Later on whatever happens doesn't really matter.Does this make sense to you? Another example. Let's say you were short here or you wanted to go short here. Look at this bounce.Heavy. Now of course it will give you a little entry. Patient's candle here.Another patient's candle here. Another patient's candle here. Another patient's candle here.Another patient's candle here. Another patient's candle here. This gives you so many entries to make money towards the upside.Please do not sit there hoping and holding your puts just because you want it to work out. No. We are very systematic traders.We are very very systematic traders. We focus on our entry and exit too much. We know how not to trade and 99% of the people who lose money in the stock market have no idea how not to trade.If we can learn how not to trade, which is what I'm going over right now, you are going to make a lot of money. Please put this in your head. If you learn how not to trade, things become easy.It's a 200 moving average. Regardless of whatever time frame it is, it tells us what not to do. It doesn't tell us what to do, but it tells us what not to do.Once we learn what not to do, things become so much easier. Alright. Does this make sense? Now, you're doing amazing.You're doing beautiful. I like the momentum. In the next video, we're going to talk about ORV.How can we figure out ORV trend and chop? ORV, opening range breakout, tells us when it's going to be trendy, when it's going to be choppy. So jump in the next video. Keep the momentum going.I'll see you in the next one. Alright. Goodbye.
cjunpkcjjjkp5adbsfd0Alright, what is going on lads, so in this video we are going to talk about what not to trade because once we understand what not to trade and how not to trade kind of pretty much all we are left with is what we can trade which we are talking about in the three step framework LTP but what not to trade even this is forming but what not to do is more important as well right because a lot of people they lose money because they don't know how not to trade not because they don't know how to trade okay once we learn how to trade which is pretty much you are almost ready after the strategies but before we actually give you any of the strategies i want to make sure that you know how not to train because it's more important okay now what not to trade so we all have 200 moving average on our charts right so have 200 moving average on your hourly charts daily chart primary chart whatever right so on the hourly chart if 200 moving average is sitting right at the top like let's say the price is here this is the price doing so let's say the this is what the price is doing and 200 moving average is running across this just tells us please do not look for the play for the upside it doesn't say look for the play for the downside it just says don't look for upside move no it again it's not telling us what to do it's simply telling us what not to do and it's very very important all right if 200 moving average is sitting on the bottom of the chart it's simply telling us not to look for move towards the downside that means this it's simply telling us no move towards the downside it's not telling us that we can trade the upside if we can swing but it's not telling us what to do it's simply telling us what not to do because once we learn what not to do hey you can make money all right again one more time it's simply telling us what not to do not what to do all right let's shall we look at some examples now let me show you some examples all right now this is 200 moving average this is one hour chart of spy this 200 moving average is running across it's sitting right at the top now what is this telling us this is telling us don't look for move towards the upside again it's not telling us don't like trade the downside it's just telling us no move for the upside but now that we know okay we can pretty much set up levels maybe a level here maybe a level here maybe the next level roughly that i see is here yes shall we see what actually happened this is what happened it broke below this level went to our next level went to our next level now again it was not telling us we could trade the downside it was simply telling us don't look for the upside move which makes you catch the move for the downside okay now you might be like what does that work i have no idea it just freaking works so what not to do is important all right look a few more examples yeah all right right here what do you see what does it tell you don't look for the play for the downside it does not tell us look for the play for the upside it just tells us don't look for the place for the downside now maybe a level is here let's say another level here another level here wherever right now what happened the moment that level broke right here which we were watching it went towards the upside does it make sense it just tells us don't look for the place for the up for the downside like look at this it was simply telling us don't look for the now some people would not have watched it they would have entered long here and then the price pulled back they would have lost their money now you may be like but bro it worked here sweet good but it simply tells us what not to do we will not catch this move it does not tell us what to
do all right sweet another one let's say you got into a position let's say maybe you entered here you entered here you took some profits off here next target is here but there's 200 moving average approaching on the hourly chart what does it tell you get out of your position now that's what it's telling you now should we take profits what if we do not what if we don't take profits you see this it rejected around those areas so what should we do we should take profits and put the money in our pocket rather than leaving it on the park bench right because this consolidation will take your money away from you okay next one price approached this level hit this level right now what's happening here it's simply telling us don't look for the place for the upside again it's not telling you look for the place for the downside just tells you don't look for the place for the upside doesn't matter how strong yesterday was a lot of people make this mistake if they care if they miss this move they think next day i'll catch this move but next day it becomes a trap because of 200 moving average and this happened with i'll tell you a little story this happened with um one of my friends of one of my good friend of mine good friend of mine actually made this mistake all right good friend of mine made this mistake where he was like oh it looks very good for the upside and i was like bro there's 200 moving average on the hourly he's like nice it was too strong yesterday it's gonna break out and i was like bro there was a 200 moving average on the hourly don't make this mistake no no no look good and he entered while i never entered but then it gave me a chance to enter here my targets were roughly here here this these were my targets now shall we see what happened this is what happened i entered the puts at the break of this level this is where my first profit taking was this is where my second profit taking was this is where my third profit taking was this move went from literally 955 all the way down to 860 hundred dollar move down can you imagine that right just by being aware of what's happening that's what we want to do right next one do you know this example that i gave a couple of slides ago this one next day in the pre-market it broke above our level now what does that tell us it tells us don't look for the move for the downside but it doesn't tell us look for the upside but in this case upside just looks clean maybe a break here next level looks pretty much here we can say next level let's say here right what happened should we see this is what happened it broke and went to our next targets does this make sense now have 200 moving average on your charts trade using 200 moving average charts by simply because 200 moving average tells you what not to do and not what to do okay now everything becomes on how we are going to move forward with this information all right now you know how not to trade once you know how not to trade you're left with money all right jump with me in the pre-market webinars i do this live every single day and trade with me and understand try to understand why i'm not taking a trade why i'm taking a certain trade once we understand this stuff in detail you'll be able to catch this stuff in the real time with me live how cool is that right now i'll see in the next one in the next one we're going to talk about how and where should you be taking profits on the charts using 200 moving average now here we already spoke about where we're going to take profits in this particular thing we already spoke about where we're going to take profits in this particular instance but what about the smaller time frames huh we can't wait for one hour chart to always get to the 200 moving average we have to wait for the smaller time frames as well right which is where the next mod the next little uh video is going to help you in kind of making sense of that stuff all right now jump to the next
one keep the momentum going you're doing well i'll see you in the next video all right let's go
cjunuacjjjkp5adbsffgWhat is going on welcome back to another video so in this video we're going to go over ORB bounce strategy checklist okay we'll go over the bounce and reject strategy but before that i'm going to dive deep into the checklist that you need for this strategy okay now let's go over this let's do this shall we all right so ORB bounce strategy checklist and then we will jump into how to actually catch this stuff on the charts all right now price let's say price breaks out the ORB so your opening range breakout the lines that i showed you in the previous right here price breaks out of this all right then price will come back to retest the ORB we want to wait for the patient scandal on the ORB you want to see a patient scandal on the ORB okay profit targets are intraday levels profit targets are like half the day then next hourly levels whatever you have okay stop loss is based on patient scandal entry is the patient scandal it works best with the confluence which is patient scandal plus the ORB level it's a confluence there's two reasons for us to enter all right shall we go over some examples now yeah let's do this all right look at this now it broke out of ORB came back here all right just follow my cursor came back here it never gave us a patient scandal sweet let it go broke below the revamp and everything gave a patient scandal here sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet whatever whatever whatever it gave a patient here as well could have entered stop loss is right here another patient scandal happened entry catch the move then again another patient scandal happened here me zoom in another patient scandal happened here look at the on the ORB never gave us the entry so if it never gives us the entry the patient scandal is no longer valid because now this candle is no longer valid the next candle never gave us the entry next candle gave us the entry stop loss is right here you could have stayed in the trade up until you made the money but pretty much now it's getting back in the ORB that's why we won't take that trade does this make sense nothing but there's a confluence here there's a ATMA there's a patient scandal there's an ORB there there's previous low of the day here there's a lot of confluences right like this example you won't be like bro there's so many indicators in the chart no stress we'll work it out everything will make sense here okay now it broke out of the ORB this green line is the ORB this 200 moving average this is ATMA everything it made a patient's bar the patient scandal with so much confluence do you see this patient scandal how beautiful that looks just look that look at that man how beautiful that looks now where's the entry right here profit target half the day the next profit target will let it run you see what I'm saying makes so much sense all of a sudden isn't it now next one well broke out of the ORB here it made a patient scandal here big patient scandal you catch this move you catch the next move then it started dumping whatever whatever whatever now here can we enter here this is when the things were a little bit funny should we enter here no and why 200 moving average where we need to exit so the risk to reward does not make sense no don't worry by entering puts let it break come back retest patient scandal right here look at this we have ORB we have ATMA we have patient scandal we have 200 moving average there's a big confluence what happened we drop big look at the drop right another one patient scandal with the cloud strategy we're gonna discuss but there's a confluence and the ORB is a confluence right here you see what happened patient scandal boom went whole day yeah make sense little
bit make sense now it broke out of the ORB never gave us the patient scandal when it came back to retest so do we take it right no went higher whatever whatever we could have catch this move whatever right our goal here right now it's just to learn the ORB strategy right now all right what happened went higher never gave us the ORB never never never up until here gave us the patient scandal right here broke out give us the patient scandal we can catch this little move now this looks small but this is a $1 move on 5 would have paid okay another one broke below never actually touched this to give us a patient scandal no problem went below never gave us the patient scandal again never never never okay roughly patient scandal here boom sweet move towards the upside you see what I'm saying so where would we enter here our entry would have been right here the stop-loss right here look at the move right this move went from what 460 point something to all the way to 463 would have paid right now next one is right here it broke out of the ORB never gave us the patient scandal broke below never gave us the patient scandal didn't try to break towards the upside never gave us a patient scandal and it kept playing around what do we do we let it go it is what it is no stress yes never gave us a patient scandal so why do we stress yeah make sense in the hell I know this stuff makes sense huh it's like oh my god okay now we will be able to catch this stuff in the real time with me on the voice how good is that then you will learn even faster and grow even faster as a trader look at this broke out of the ORB never gave it this this is a patient scandal but never give us the entry again broke here never gave us a patient scandal sweet now it's forming this little trend line forming little trend line broke below you could have caught this move yes whatever with this patient scandal so we broke below is this patient scandal would do you really think we would have entered here is this really a patient scandal remember the four different type of patient scandal if you want to play puts the wick is on the wrong side the wick should be on the upside not here would we enter no why not because remember for the puts the patient scandal should be like with the wick on the top not on the bottom here the wick is on the bottom look at this no it doesn't make sense does it no now it broke up broke towards the upside it broke towards the upside broke towards the upside kind of give not really any sort of patient scandal up until this point but move towards the upside then broke below whatever your stop-loss will get hit it's okay your stop-loss getting hit is fine that's not a problem you blowing up your account by keep averaging down that's a problem that's what we're gonna fix does it make sense follow these strategies they're good strategies I use them every single day yeah this all makes sense now yes alright next one look at this tried to break never gave us any sort of patient look at how choppy it is but then it kind of here roughly around here tried to give us a patient scandal but nah it looks ugly what do we do we never enter if it doesn't make sense it doesn't make money okay if it doesn't make sense it will not make you money remember this word now what happened here this is what a clean clean patient scandals look like look at this sweet move happened gave us this wick on the bottom what happened boom made a move now this move looks small 434 to all the way to 435.5 that's a $1.50 move huh interesting then what happened it never gave us a patient scandal entry here never entry here sweet sweet sweet broke below it gave us a patient scandal could have caused this move towards the downside right make sense another one Bob came back to retest everything as a confluence patient scandal Bob entry can catch this move this move looks small again this is a $1 move
that's money right here another one how many examples do you want me to freaking show you there's a pre-market low level it's a ATMA right there there's an ORB sitting right there there's everything sitting right here what happened boom bang that's what $2 move down right make sense but then it never gave us the patient scandal sweet it broke above no problem right now hey here's the thing this might be sometimes a little bit confusing when you first start reading it for the first time it's fine it's totally okay the reason why it is this is why we need to master these skills over the next six months now it might be like oh my god man like what that's why we go slow okay you have to go slow to go fast in your life this is how trading works you have to go slow to go fast right a lot of people make this mistake they try to go fast and then the journey slow down go slow to go fast okay now this makes sense it never gave us a patient scandal no problem but it gave us a patient scandal here look at that example broke below it gave us a patient scandal now there's two reasons three reasons for us to enter patient scandal here you're breaking below the 200 moving average at the same time look at this move it went from 450 down to a $1.50 move bank you would have banked that day right make sense sweet another one look at this went higher made a nice patient scandal boom went whole day crazy huh another one right here look at this broke below the patient broke below the ORV made a patient scandal boom it never gave a patient scandal again so it's okay but another one bank all right make sense now as I said this might be a little bit confusing which is fine totally okay what's not okay is you holding your quotient if you have quotients go try this strategy go look at your charts see if it makes sense if something you have any quotients bring your quotients on a Q&A session or ask me in the chat use the discord to ask me questions you will see me trading this stuff in the real time on the voice and it will be like ah you see we are building upon levels trends what's the third one patient scandals LTP for a lot of money okay so we jump to the next video and next video gonna be very small so hey I'll take you from there alright talk soon goodbye you're doing very good hey by the way you're doing very good
cjuo2h93fsk5kpg892g0All right, what is going on lads in this video we're going to talk about how I trade hourly levels How I go about that. So I like to go on the as you know, we're doing a little bit of vision here I like to go on a hourly chart I'll check hourly charts and nothing else in the pre-market then I draw my raw levels on a 60-minute chart Okay, raw levels come on a 60-minute chart Then i'll trade the patient candles with profit targets derived from the 60-minute charts the next profit targets that I have now Let me show you some examples of this as we move along Coming slides. Okay.Now before we do that I'm going to quickly go over the checklist rundown the checklist again just to review the last module that we did Okay, so draw levels every day before the market open draw support and resistance lines The two levels should not be too close to each other Okay Remember that then hourly level checklist is complete the pre-market hourly checklist Then position size if it's going with the trend position size up if it's going against the trend you position size down Then look for consolidation and confluence simply in the bid and ask above your level if you want to take the trade All right, if there's an initial impulse wave breakout wait for pullback then retest the level Okay, wait for a little pullback and look for the patient's candle for you to even take the trade Okay Now where the stop-loss goes stop-loss goes on the other side of the patient's candles Say stop-loss goes on the other side of the patient's candles, which is if this is entry This is the way the stop-loss is all right analyze always analyze if I have this wide stop-loss Do I have this wide reward if not, then it's not good to trade right now Then you can take profits at the next hourly levels as well. Okay Now let's go over some of the examples on hourly chart and then we'll look at the five minute charts and we'll try to make Sense of things. Okay.Now this is it. All right. So what's happening here? What's happening here is we have a hourly chart right here Okay, what's happening here is we have this level 856 that comes from this right here Then we have 864 that comes from here Then we have Let me move this out of the way then we have this level right here coming from this this make sense all clear so far Right good great.Now How do the five minute chart goes now? Let's look at a five minute chart. Boom Market's coming up market's coming up the trend's holding or a sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet Now this kind of looks like a patient's candle. Let me zoom in so we all can properly see.All right So this looks like a patient's candle right here, right? It's above your level It's above your level that you're watching right and it looks like a patient's candle. Yes So where's your entry the entry goes right here? Let me mark this on the chart So the entry goes right here. Where's the stop loss stop loss goes Right below this candle now you might be like so Do I stay in this trade the whole time? Yes Hey, the stocks do not owe us anything if you enter the trade and you're thinking oh it should move The moment I entered you're entering for the wrong reason.
We have a system Okay So our system says the moment the level breaks and then we form our patient's candle We take the trade with the stop loss right below this now the risk to reward makes sense if you entered here Which is roughly around what? Let me see, which is roughly around eight fifty seven point five You enter next target is eight sixty four the risk to reward makes sense, right? And now you could have taken this trade here could have taken this trade stop loss never got hit the target went And now what's happening here? There's another patient's candle sort of happening. Look at this We have this little thing and the next little uh pullback Any patient's candle should not the patient's candle should not be able to break the highs of this All right So we have a little pullback little consolidation happening here boom broke out if you entered using this candle stop loss goes right below this Went to the next level again this what is this when I pull back again patient's candle, but you might be like now But where do I take profits? There's two options here. You can take profits at uh, there's two ways to kind of take profits You can take profits roughly around this area the previous high of the day a little bit then hourly level a little bit And moving forward now, if you would have entered here next target would be the hourly level and remainder of your runners So this is what I usually do if I take half off So let's say I take half off here the remainder half that I have i'll set stop loss in the break even on the option Contract.Okay. I'll set remainder here on the break even option contract So that means even if I take half profit off the table That means if i'm doing two contracts one I take off as a profit The other contract cannot take the profits which I already put in my pocket away from me I do not give nobody the power to come to my pocket and grab the money out of my pocket No, once the money's in my pocket. Nobody can touch the money.This is this is how I think about the market Okay, so now what can you do about it here if you entered right here stop loss is here Now the risk to reward is not very good. If you have to take profits here It's higher today and the previous um and the hourly level as well That means you're risking a dollar to make pretty much 80 cents. That's what it looks like by the looks of it, right? Should you take a trade? I would not take a trade Why because I already caught the move that I wanted to catch you get what i'm saying and the trend Lasted up until we failed this level right here And then the trend reversed and you could have caught the downside as well Now is this making sense a little bit this make sense now? You're like ha that means early morning.You could have caught this move as well This is like a kind of patient scale push higher pull back another one didn't go all the way. No problem Um stop loss gets it. It's fine.It's okay because over a long period of time this whole thing gonna work Okay, does it make sense a little bit the thumbs up? Yes, sweet Yeah, let's look at the next example that we have here in this example. What do we have? We have 875 level right here. Next level is roughly this next level is this next level is this so all these levels make sense now, let's look at the Um how the five minute chart went so I want you to pay attention to this for a minute, right? So now we're discussing a little bit tough stuff, so we're not playing around here, right? Uh, you see this this particular candle went up.
How how much? this candle Just before the market opened 865 to all the way high to 870 877 that can that candle in the pre-market this color change in the pre-market was a $13 candle or$12 or $13 candle big move Right. Now what are the suckers doing as soon as the market opens? They're buying the pre-market high break after a big move. We don't do that.We wait we sit on the sidelines No problem. If you were watching this level no freaking stress at all sit back Yeah, this even if this level you were not able to catch no problem next level It kind of formed the patient's candle boom It went higher another patient's candle went higher hit your stop loss. That's okay The amount of money you're gonna make when it works is far more than what you're gonna lose if it doesn't work Like look at this you entered at 884.It went to it. Uh, it went to 900. That's a 16 dollar move insane in freaking sane Right crazy, huh? I know I know this stuff is bloody beautiful.I love it All right, make sense. Now. Let's look another one.Another one is right here Now what happens here is 947 level look at this 1 2 3 4 count how many times 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 9 touches of a level that means it's a weak level. But what do we have next to it? We have 950 levels sitting right at the top. What did I say? 950 is a dynamite level That means if 950 rejected it's gonna reject heavy, but if it broke it's gonna break heavy Now what I usually do is when the prices are sitting that close to like in this case that close to a big dynamite level I'll take the break of a dynamite level than this.Now if that is on apple 147.34 on apple And then watching 150 that's a move by itself a big move because apple moves slowly and it's a cheap name but in this case 947 to 950 While it's a thousand dollar nearly a name a thousand dollar share and it's very volatile and the range is quite wide It's not a lot. It's like easy. Okay.So what would I do? I would change this to 950. Okay. Now i'll give you an example.Look at this right here. What happened? This is how the five minute chart went now if you would have taken this trade Of course, you would have lost money But instead it gave us a patient scandal on this critical level that we already were watching it gave us a patient scandal right here Boom broke 950 went higher. Give us another patient scandal right here Boom, give us another patient scandal right here.Boom Another one boom this move went from 950 to all the way to 984 Within maybe an hour now That is a 34 dollar move and if we say normally delta stays at 45 cents Just even if we count from 45 cents 34 Times 0.45. It's roughly if and if you would have done one contract that's roughly 1530 dollars a contract a contract and we're just looking at delta. We're not even looking at gamma gets adding to the delta That's 1500 nearly two thousand dollars on one contract if you would have done two contracts that's four thousand dollars Profit in a day four thousand profits for 250 days. That's a million dollars a year Huh, does it make sense? The only way to catch these big moves is by just just don't be I don't want to use this word, but just don't
be stupid use common sense.That's pretty much it This is the whole market make sense. All right. Now, let's look at another one Can you see I get too hyped up for this stuff? I make too much money using this stuff same frameworks Another one right here.We have what do we have here? 150 1.35. I went on a four hourly chart here because I couldn't Couldn't consolidate the whole thing Into this so I had to go to a four hour chart to just showcase the levels So look at this first levels come from right here. Okay, there's a critical level Second level is 150. You just we don't even have to draw that.It's a dynamic level Below that we have this level 180 148.87 And below that we have this level right here when last time I broke it went to this level which is 147.4 Okay, make sense. Now we have our levels. Yes.Let's look at how it went. This is how it went Should we zoom in? Yes, how did it go early morning? It bounced off sweet then it made a patient It broke below it made a patient scandal right here Look at this moved went down another patient scandal move went down another patient scandal with the stop loss right here This is candle right here. What happened? It broke below it never hit the stop loss ever Another one you see what's happening here.This is how you are able to catch big moves This is how we combine five minute charts with the 60 minute charts and we are able to catch big moves All right, make sense. Yes now I know this could have been like oh my goodness. This this makes sense.Oh my goodness. This doesn't make sense Oh my god, this did write your questions down meet me on the q&a webinar Bring your quotient and we'll go over this stuff Or write me in the discord tag me in the discord or when you live trade with me You'll be able to see what i'm seeing now I watch two minute chart for first 30 minutes five minute chart for next one hour Then 10 minute charts for pretty much whole day But for these examples, I was showing you just five minute charts That means the 10 minute chart even gets more cleaner because it's less data And you're able to catch the moves because one candle means 10 minutes. All right now Where should we go from this if you have any questions, please write me in the discord tag me at somesh And that's my username on discords s o m e s h tag me on discord All right, if you still have any questions and you didn't find the answers on the discord that we gave good enough Ask me on the q&a webinar.We do q&a webinar every single week Okay Or ask us on your monthly check-in call We want you to understand this Okay, the whole team is working in the back end to see you succeed Right, you're not left by yourself if you have any questions come ask us if this doesn't make sense We'll do another webinar on this. I want this stuff to be clear Okay, this will get make more sense as we go along In the whole course plus also live trading plus also more webinars plus workshops plus boot camps that we're going to do plus trader development webinars plus Struggling trader webinars plus member development webinars We have so much stuff in the
pipeline for you because I am going to make so many millionaires you have no idea this stuff is going to help every single person and That includes you as well. So if you have any questions, please write to me in the discord.All right, i'll talk to you soon Goodbye for now You have fun. All right
cjuo4sdgsuq2i82sr8bgAlright, what is going on lads and welcome back to another video and this video we're going to go over the pre-market checklist then we're going to go over the hourly checklist. This stuff is important, this stuff is important so pay attention. Alright, let me share my screen and let's get to it, shall we? Alright, so pre-market hourly level checklist.Every single morning, what I want you to do every single morning, I want you to draw your levels every day before the market opens. Don't go like I don't want to delete my old levels. No, draw levels fresh every single day, okay? Draw your levels, identify supply and like all these just to let they are all levels but draw the levels.Look at the most recent data. You don't want to look at like what happened five years ago. The reason why you don't want to do that is because what happened five years ago, maybe the buyers and sellers are a little bit different then.The buyers and sellers are a little bit different now, right? So, what's happening here? What do I mean by buyers and sellers a little bit different? That means the economic structure might be a little bit different, right? The company news might be a little bit different. The whole interest rate and everything, everything might be a little bit different. Different buyers and different sellers could be there.Now, it's totally different. So, that's why we only want to look at recent data. We don't want to go back too far of this happened 10 years ago.Now, I don't want you to think that way, alright? Now, then we need to identify these levels. How many times the price touches and bounces off these levels? We need to identify this. Now, the reason is you want to identify the freshly frozen lake.If you keep jumping same time over and over again at the same price point, then what happens? That layer becomes weaker and weaker and weaker and weaker, alright? We want to identify, alright? We want to know how many times the prices are touching and bouncing off the same price points, alright? Then we want to make two levels to the upside, two levels to the downside, either side. So, what do I mean by that? Two levels to the upside, two levels to the downside? Simply, what I'm saying here is you want, say, if this is what you're watching, you're watching prices right here, you want to have two levels to the upside, two levels to the downside. That's it, alright? You can draw as many, but minimum two levels to the upside and two levels to the downside.It's important, alright? Make sense? Yes? Alright. Now, next is pre-market plans should include risk to reward. How many levels are stacked next to each other? That's what I mean.So, think about this. If you have a level sitting at $100 and then you have a level sitting at $100 and $0.20, now, even if there's a patient scandal or whatever happening here, that means your
risk is $0.30 to make, what, $0.20? Is the risk to reward makes sense here? If the levels are stacked too close to each other, like, could be this, could be this, we don't like that. We like a little bit wider moves, alright? We like a little bit big moves.If I'm risking this much, I want to at this. If I'm risking, same thing as the day I said, if I'm risking one of this, I want to make two back. That's how I'm going to win.If I risk one, I'm going to make two back. That's how I'm going to win over a long period of time, alright? Now, does this make sense? Alright. How many levels are stacked next to each other? Now, this is simply what you're going to do when you're looking at, in the pre-market, when you're trying to draw levels, this is what you need to do, alright? You need to have all this stuff.There's only three things. Draw levels, draw support resistance levels, and draw levels every day, draw support resistance, and make sure the levels are not stacked next to each other, like, very closely, alright? Now, let's go with the hourly trade checklist, alright? Hourly trade checklist says, pre-market hourly checklist. Make sure you have finished that.Then we go up to position size. Size up if the move is in favor of the hourly trend. If the hourly trend is up, you know, having high highs, high lows, size up towards the upside.If you want to take a trade towards the downside, and the previous low is here, but you want to take a trade, the play puts somewhere in the middle, size down. Up until it hasn't failed the bigger trend, oh, I think you can't see me because of the thing. Anyway, this should be clear now.You see this? So, as long as you're playing upside, you can go heavy, but if you're playing in the previous while the trend is still holding, this is, what is this? This is high low, right? This is high low, this is high high. What's happening? Up until we break this, and you want to trade downside in the middle here, you can trade, but make sure you size down when we are going against the hourly trend, okay? Sweet? Then what you need to do is, then you need to look for consolidation and confluence on the hourly levels before the break. Now, we'll go over this stuff.Breakouts, when big and ask our power below the critical level. Now, when we're looking at the patient's candles, we're over this stuff. This is bid, this is ask.We'll go over this stuff, right? Don't stress. You're going to see bids above $100 and 20, ask above $100 and 20 as well. It's just the ask got above, but that means the buyers are still not ready to pay the high prices.It's not safe. It's not safe for us to do it. Make sense? You want to see, we want to see buyers interested in that price as well.That's why when you're looking for breakouts, we're going to see a bid and ask both above a
critical level. If the bid and ask are above critical level, feel free to enter. Stop us right here. Profit target, we're going to discuss. Make sense? A little bit. Yes.All right. Now, next is, next we have is, if there's an initial impulse wave breakout, wait for pullback, then we test the level, right? So, what does that mean? If there's a big move happen like this, a big move happened, you want to wait for a little pullback, right? As we discussed, don't trade this big move. There's a way to trade this, which is a little pullback because the market makers will make a pullback.And then when it pulls back, it forms a patient scandal. That's what we want to walk. Like, that's what we want to trade.Wait for a pullback that retests either hourly level or makes it. Use the other strategies like EMA or revamps or hourly levels or ORBs or open price or whatever, right? We're going to discuss all this stuff. So, if there's an initial impulse wave, this is, this wave is called impulse wave.There's a big impulse wave. You need to wait for a pullback and then patient scandal on some sort of level. That's when we can enter.Make sense? Where's the stop loss going? Stop loss goes on the opposite side of the patient scandal. Analyze if the risk to reward is appropriate. If you have a big critical level sitting at $100 and 20 and patient scandal is forming a hundred and the stop loss is at 99, that means you're risking $1 to potentially make 0.20 cents.Does this make sense? No. That means if I'm risking $100, I can only make like 20 cents. No. Like what? I don't want that. I'm risking a dollar. I'm going to make at least $2.At least $2. Okay? So, look at how far the stop loss is to the entry. Like stop loss is a dollar away. Look at how far the entry is to the profit target. This is the entry. This is the profit target.That doesn't make sense. You know what? I won't do it. Make sense? Then comes take profits at the next hourly level or pre-plan what-if scenarios or use the strategy that we're going to discuss to take profits.So, it should be okay. But you might be like, well, what-if scenarios? All right. So, what are what- if scenarios? What-if scenarios are simply like some of the examples of what-if scenarios include making it like, let's say you have to make a call to your boss.All right? You're going to make a call to your boss. You're going to talk to him on the phone and you know, what happened? You give him a call and what do you do here? You sit there. Before you even jump on a call, you try to rehearse.Hey man, I am a little bit sick. I want to have a day off. Nah, it doesn't sound good.
Hey man, I'm a little bit sick. I was wondering if I can take a day off today so I can rest. Nah.Hey man, I've completed the work but I feel a little bit not very okay. Is it all right if I take a day off? Nah, it doesn't sound good. But then you eventually find the one that sounds good.Hey, I'm sorry man. I finished all the work because I was working late last night finishing this stuff, which I did. And I'm sorry for all this trouble and mess.I don't think I'll be able to come into work today because I'm feeling a little bit sick. And if you still want me to come, maybe I can come a couple hours late. Is that all right? And then you're rehearsing in your head before you even talk to him.Rehearsing. He will say, no, I need you. All right.But is there any chance, like maybe 20 minutes late, half an hour late, maybe an hour late? Or he says, yeah, no problem, man. Take a day off. All right, man.I appreciate it. I'll make it back to you. Like we rehearse the call.If you need to call, you need to call your crush. We do this stuff. We rehearse, right? So making a call to your boss, pre-planning any sort of stuff.That's what, that's what we're talking about. All right. So what if scenarios are simple? We look at a level, like hourly levels.We go, what if this level rejected? If this level rejected, I want to look for the higher, previous high, low fail, maybe a patient scandal there. And we can take the downtrend. What if this level broke out? I'm going to come back to retest.I'm going to look for a patient scandal there to take a play towards the upside. Make sense? Now that's what it will roughly look like on a, on a piece of paper. Think about this as, this is hourly level.If there's two scenarios that you're making, what if, let's say if the trend is going up, like one second, if the trend is going up, like let me raise holding this. You're like, what if it rejects here, breaks the previous here, breaks this, I can take a play towards the downside. You rehearse this.All right. I'll do this. It's a what if it broke out and then it comes back to retest and then it makes a patient scandal here.I'll take a play towards the upside. Okay. Towards the next hourly level.Or what if it rejected there? If it rejected there, then I'll take a play towards the downside. What if it broke out? This is simply you rehearsing the stuff in your brain before the market opens. Those are called lot of scenarios.
And what will happen is when you're, when you're rehearsing something before the actual happens, then what happens? You're able to perform a little bit better. All right. It's just a fact.It just works. You're able to perform a little bit better. And when you do this over a long period of time, you do not even need to make one of scenarios.You know what happens? So you're waiting for the answer. You save time. What else happens? You make a boatload of more money.Why? Because now you're confident behind your trades. Now you know what's going to happen. So what we discussed yesterday, what we discussed in this video was to discuss your, the pre-market checklist that you need.There's a pre-market checklist that you need. Take a screenshot if you want. There's a pre- market checklist that we need.We need three things. We need to draw levels every day. We need to draw levels every day.Second is try to identify that there's not two levels sitting next to each other. Then make sure we have done the pre-market checklist. Try to do, if the position size is normal or high, we're going to move in the favor of the hourly trend, position size down here against the hourly trend.All right. Look for consolidation and confluence. All right.And then we discussed, if there's an impulse wave, don't try to catch the impulse wave. Wait for a little pullback. Stop-loss goes on the opposite side of the patient's candle.And take profit happens either you pre-plan your what-if scenarios or what are we going to do? All right. The strategies that we're going to discuss, you can do those as well. All right.So this is the what-if scenarios. You simply say it out loud. What if this happens? What if this happens? What if this happens? What if this happens? All right.So wait, I will see you in the next one. And we'll go talk about some examples on the charts, all practical, and it's going to be so much fun. All right.I'll talk to you soon. All right. By the way, by the way, before you even go, before you even go, I want to tell you something that it just came to my mind.It just came to my mind. Back in the day, when I was doing this stuff, when I was doing this stuff, checklist, I kept making my life hard with more and more checklists to do in the pre- market. You want to make your life easy, not hard.You want to take the decisions out. I want this stuff to be ingrained in your brain rather than just another freaking form to fill every day. All right.
So don't be like, oh, I have to just do it. Oh my God, man, my life is so tough. Easy.Market easy. As long as you know what you do, as long as you know what should you do and how you should trade, this stuff's easy. All right.So don't stress. Keep going. Keep pushing.I'll see you in the next one. We're going to talk about examples that make way more sense. All right.See you later. Talk to you soon. Bye.
cjuo6o93fsk5kpg892hgAlright, what is going on? So welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're gonna go over the examples of the hourly notes I'm not excited. I am very excited.This guy is freaking excited. I love this stuff The reason why I love this stuff is multiple reasons why I love this stuff so much The one of the biggest reason why I love this stuff so much is because what happens is when you do this over and over again over a long period of time Everything just starts clicking period. I've been using the same stuff to trade for the past few years Now when you first start trading it might be like a little bit confusing But what happens over a long period of time and you keep trading with me on the voice, which is the whole plan six months That's what you're gonna do We're gonna keep growing as we move along But coaching calls and all sort of stuff what happens over a long period of time is you will start seeing this stuff happening in The real time as well.You know what happens then you and me we both great we take over. That's a fun part That's what I like. All right, you'd be we instead of us thinking like oh man my life so shit we go You know what? Let's take over and your message every day.No discord should be like hey, bro. Let's get to the money man Will not be the time you do this and you get confident in your training approach and that makes things easy All right, so let's discuss the examples. So this is Apple's daily chart.Do you see the trend line on the top? You see this trend line on the top? Now don't just think of it as a trend line, think of it as it trying to tell us a story Our job is to read and listen to the people and psychology behind that particular story. Make sense? Now if you can't hear the story literally made that's not the stock that you should be trading for the day If the stock should be able to tell you a story what's happening? Right now all these examples of one ticker and said Apple now Apple is good name for small account good name for big accounts And it'll be like just like from these examples, you'll see how Apple could have paid you if you knew this beforehand It'll be like oh my god. Hey, so this is this is the trend line That's forming one two, three four touch right here And what did I say over and over again you tap on the same thing over and over again eventually get so weak that it Can break out right? So let's discuss.This is the hourly chart at the same time Now look at this how beautiful the 60-minute chart is. You see this how beautiful this 60-minute chart looks insane, right? This level insane like when you're making your levels make two levels on either side one two All right, one of you can you imagine 80% of win rate on actually big moves? Now this isn't just scarfing. Nobody gets rich of scarfing small bets.All right, you need to catch big moves Now this plan is simple. There's two reasons why you should enter this trade. But one of the reason is Trend line the second reason is the hourly level.
Now should you do just a breakout? Of course you look for the patience candle still but you get the point right now what's happening here? So the trend started it trend started a little bit. What happened? This is a load. This is a higher load There is a high potential high load and made a low patience candle broke out went to a level kind of consolidated Another patience candle right here.I don't know if you can see me zoom in a little bit So what's happening here another patience candle right here? See this another patience candle the handled kind of candle above your level that you were watching So the moment this patience candle breaks this is when we enter look at this beautiful move pull back another patience candle have happening right here Another entry another patience candle happening right here another entry made a huge move So when you sell you sell half of your next levels half of your next level is done All right. Now, this is just an example, of course All right But what is that goal here the goal of a trading 60-minute level is to catch a big move not use big size Your size should be small enough that you can hold the trades for as long as you want without any emotions Eventually, you'll be able to add size. Remember the C C and C framework What is C confidence consistency and change the confidence comes when you have consistency and change How does the consistency comes when you have change? How does the change comes you catching small moves small wins that leads to consistency that leads to confidence and all three leads to Fucking money make sense.All right. Now, let's get to our examples. So this Apple's daily chart This is a daily chart that we show them a daily chart.You're like, ah, it's a downtrend. What's happening? It's a downtrend. This is high.This is lower high. This is lower low Another lower low another lower high lower high lower low the trend. Do you see this? This is below the previous thing.What happened? It made a perfect candle now It's a patience candle on the day and now we see this is some room left towards the downside There's one level here. The next level is right here. The next level is roughly here Okay Now what I see when I see this stuff on a daily chart the trend thing that we discussed the trend thing is that we discussed On a daily chart.I want to catch this move towards the downside. Hopefully makes a low right here Okay, this is what I saw on the hourly chart, right on the hourly chart It doesn't look bad as well on the hourly plan on the day below 165.5 target is 164 and 163. Does this make sense? So the moment it breaks this we want to jump into our yes jump into our what? Alright, sweet.Now, this is how this trade went This is this broke below our level. It hit our next level hit our next level Alright, this is a 60 minute chart. This is a 60 minute chart.This is how it went Now the reason why I don't have five minute charts because it was too confusing to put too many It was like it would have this video would have gone for like seven hours So I simply did is I'm breaking down what I was seeing and then I'm breaking down on
just an hourly But sure enough this all the stuff had the patience candles on a five minute chart as well around your candles What happened it broke your level what happened it broke went to 164 what happened went to 163 beautiful Does it make sense? It had the patient's candles we draw the levels had a trend and the patient's candle LTP all there Alright now next this is just an hourly chart what happened here on the hourly chart now we are looking this is level right here Now set levels. Okay. Remember my one rule that I have it always stocks always go from stocks always go from SOS supply to supply Demand to demand or you can say or you can say support to support or resistance to resistance or you can say Level to level easy.Okay, whatever it broke. This is a level right here holding right here This is a level the next level that we have is roughly around here. Next level we have is here Okay, if still making levels kind of confuses you you know what you should do You should rock up to the pre-market webinar every single day Where I make the levels every single day in front of you to give you a plan what can happen and why I'm making those Levels as well make sense a little bit.All right Now one thing that I want to break it break down. I will break down after this example is dynamite levels All right. These are the levels that I'm watching 149.2 then 150.2 then 150.8 and then the next level I still drew was 151.7 ish but all these levels make sense.Yeah Now this is another favorite it broke out of a level went to next level went to next level went to next level It's the level price and gives you patience candles jumping all these examples have patience candles on it Take profit at the next level leave runners Like i'll show you 2025 with more examples and it'll make so much sense Now the thing that I wanted to break down was dynamite levels Now you might be like bro What a dynamite level and dynamite levels are every $50 level on the charts every $50 mark Or it could be 50 100 150 200 250 300 and on and on and on and on and on Every 50 mark is called dynamite level. The reason why it's called dynamite is Explosive level if you break dynamites, you're gonna stocks could explode to either direction upside or downside But sometimes the dynamite levels can be a little bit tougher to break why it's a big level, right? A lot of sellers would be usually there. All right Now, why does it blow up so bad because a lot of people let's say they're short on the stock Where do they put the stop-loss? They went short at 149.They go if you're broke about 150 i'll get out 150 just being a whole number every 50 mark being a whole number The stop-loss is sitting right above it and when you're short, what do you do you sell first now to close this position? You have to buy that increases the that leads to the squeeze which the stock's pushing as you can see 150 broke It's straight away like it went parabolic Make sense those are called dynamite levels now There's one more type of dynamite levels which are one one one two, two, two, three, three, three Four four four all the levels with same numbers like 11 22 33 44 55 66 77 88 99 One one one two, two, two, three, three, four, four, four, five, five, six, six, seven, seven, eight, eight, nine, nine Then one one one one two, two, two, two make sense Those are called dynamite levels as well because people love those numbers They consider them lucky numbers for some reason and we want to we want to know what they beat people these dumb fucks Think they're lucky numbers. We don't do this stuff.
Make sense.Yeah example three. It broke above This is when it broke above your dynamite level. Remember this example broke above next day We stayed in the range.Nothing broke out. None of the levels broke out sweet Now this day we have this level right here Next level is roughly around here next level is roughly around here and 154 was a previous level from before anyway We have a downside level of one two, and these are the previous levels that we had on the charts from the previous example remember same levels Now what happened here? All right, check out how strong this move is But next day the price is like just all right now draw your next levels of next couple levels All right. Now anything over152.8. We're gonna take move towards 153.5 153.7 then 154 And this is how the day went boom it broke out of 152.8 Straight away went to our next targets.And of course it did patient scandals as well, right sweet now get in small Don't get in heavy. So your emotions are not like you are more chilled and you're more relaxed And everything works out everything gonna just work out. All right next is right here All right Only example that I want to give you is right here if this is a level that you're watching Next level is this sweet the level breaks level breaks in this particular example What happened was we had a patient scandal no No, and I say no strategies 100% no frameworks 100% It kind of went like this you're broke to try to break this but it failed middle made a move No, it just just fucked up.It's just like all right stop-loss got hit You know what happens the moment you stop-loss get hit you out get out. No, it is what it is Hey, that goes on. All right, that's what happened in this example and the stop-loss went down Yeah, okay now what happened here this was the level we were watching it stopped us out Then it still made a huge move up but anyway Now as you can clearly see that they went fucking until here 157.27 and uh, while we were watching 155 But it is what it is stopped you out.It is what it is. No problem But now next day we have these levels we have a level towards the downside roughly 156 Then we have these two wicks right here and we have this level 154.75 Right, and of course you can make levels towards the upside to either side Yeah, now you can clearly see this is a high this is a Level we are trading for the downside and this is what happened It broke towards the downside and it went to the previous demand level straight away. Does it make sense a little bit making sense now? Yes, I hope so.Next is this What happened here the upside we drew the level same here next level is here The next level is same here and the downside there's a level 154 like sitting very close to each other. There's too much demand at the bottom and it's very close to each other All right. Now upside does that upside looks very clean to you? No, I I would have traded this level towards the upside, but this already broke in the pre-market upside doesn't look that clean So what i'm gonna do i'm not gonna trade the upside man Like I would have taken this level, but I already broke the pre-market.
There's no level here It's like kind of looking dodgy a little bit. You know what fuck the upside fuck the downside trade something else There's no point trading low quality setups. That's not what we do.We that's not how we trade We trade the highest quality setups. That's what we want We make the highest quality money, but for that we need the highest quality setup If you can't find the highest quality setups on that particular chart don't trade that chart at all All right makes sense to you, all right now next is Right here example number seven, which I have this is trend line forming on the bottom One two three four five this trend line broke yesterday. All right broke yesterday Now it's coming back to kind of retest this level right on a low volume We're trying to break but still we are below the trend line.But what did we do now? Now this trend line is there but we made this is a level and this is a level we drew this trend line All right, next level is roughly here. Next level is roughly let's say around here 151 All right, next level. Let's say 150 being a critical big level 150.We drew our levels towards the upside We drew levels towards the downside. We drew levels make sense Let's have a look how right boom it broke below this May give us a patient schedule on a five-minute chart and it went all the way to one like this is a five dollar drop How much money that is insane? All right, that's why leading your runners will be so Like when we move along they'll be like, oh my god, that's where the money is. Yes All right.Now next example is this example like now downtrend has started as you can see the downtrend has started Why what do we know because it broke below the uh, the holding level this particular level which was making a like this It broke below that And now we know downtrend has started what happened here Downtrend has started means what do you do if you want to trade the upside still make sure even here If you want to trade the upside size down because the move on the hourly chart has started the downtrend size down So what happened here? This is the level that you're watching you can head down to this and this but these moves are sitting very close to each other But if we still have to trade this, how would we go? Maybe one level is sitting here But anyway broke broke below and went to a target and this was all with the patient candles All right Now next is I will as you can see we are not going back too far like if you see these examples We're not going back too far five years ago. What happened? You're just checking the recent data You're only checking the last two or three days of data. That's what we're doing And you might be like but what if it's all time high if it's all time high You know what you should do every one dollar move very simple All right, so what happened in this example we have this level next two levels we set up next two levels All right towards the upside we set up next two levels whatever now How do we trade this it then breaks this level gives us a patient's candle towards the downside.It would look something like this or Small candle to trade this but what happened here was on a five minute chart It made a little candle like this then the next candle kind of did a break, you know Like the stop loss works in a way where if your stop loss got hit one lesson I want you to
write down write down your piece of paper this Do not hope stop loss. All right. Hope is not a position Remember my words hope is not a position but trading positions are a position money is a position But hope is not a position if you ever catch yourself hoping sitting there hoping praying to god Please god just one time there's something that you're doing wrong and you're gonna really really hurt yourself All right, so we make it now.Let's look at the next example. We have right here example 10 Same thing i was trading. I think I took this trade.Uh, this is I don't know how I missed this example kind of But this was the level that I had roughly around here roughly around here another level what happened? It broke the first level came at the patient's candle sweet went to our next level went to our next level sweet. Um And I was still in the trade and if it breaks, you know gives you another patient's candle, but it doesn't work. Can I do not hope? Do not hope Come on stop loss.I do not hope stop loss. That's how we trade it Okay. Now next next example is right here, right? I do not even have to explain these levels to you anymore.Like, you know, where's this level come from from here? Okay, this is the level come from this level comes from this week this level come from here I do not even have to explain these levels anymore. You see this like it's making sense to you right now You're like, huh? I know why you trade this level come from here This level comes from this level come from here and this is how the trade wins, huh? You're welcome. Hey, you're welcome.Let's look at the next one Now this is what I want to say this strategy. I call it sucker's strategy. What is sucker strategy? We'll talk about in detail as we move along as well Now do not play weakness the days when we have actual gap down like this when I say actual gap down actual gap down Not price action opening here and then slowly moving lower.No, that's not a gap down This is a gap down, but if the price went below like this The open below, you know, a lot of people are doing a lot of people are thinking. Oh my god You're gonna keep going down do not play weakness at the open on days when we have a gap down like this All right, what happened is a lot of people what happens? Let's say you went short here You went short with 10 000 shares market opened low overnight when you were sleeping you made 40 000 dollars You're green 40 000. Now.What do you what do you want to do as soon as the market open you want to get out? But for you to get out somebody has to buy these shares off you Right because because you shorted that means you sold first. Are you gonna buy when you buy someone has to buy the share of you? Like they have you selling they have to buy it off you so you can get out of the position, right? Yes, make sense. Yeah What happens you want to sell a lot of people were going short.So you sell the shares to them What's the best place for you to sell? The best place for you to sell is when it breaks is slowing Have you ever heard of people saying or pre-market high is
breaking? Let's buy pre-market low is breaking Let's sell this is what a lot of retail traders do. That's why we call them suckers We don't want to trade like suckers. They trade this easy stuff.That's how you make money Now what happens they want to trap these suckers? So the moment they know that the suckers are going short, what do they do? They take profits there they get out of their position there and that's called liquidity grab They grab the liquidity just to sell their position stocks turn around and you might be like but oh Okay, okay, but how do I trade how do we trade here now how we trade here we do not enter calls up until The moment this reclaims, let's say you went down We enter calls no puts moment. This went down gets reclaimed above this level again The pre-market low gets reclaimed. This is the moment where we go calls Let's buy some calls.Hopefully to this level sometimes on a good day. You can even fill this gap Straight away. Now this looks small.This is a two dollar bloody move Right. All right. So this is how this thing it went below Grabbed all the suckers and this is where we went long and we caught this move.This is like a two dollar move insane Insane crazy crazy. You're welcome. Okay, this is how we trade the get downs Now what happened? Another we have this trend line beautiful pattern play So what do we enter we enter the break of this trend line plus this hourly level the next is this level next is Roughly this level next is this level pretty sweet, right? I do not even have to explain these levels man Just remember your goal is to hold the trade for bigger move.The only way to do that is small size So start with small size and then you will be able to add more size as the day goes along as the time goes along Right. So what happened here? You want to see what happened boom broke below went to first second third targets. You're welcome Now I was showing you all the downside moves.Now, let me show you some upside moves as well This is the level stocks are in uptrend. You can see stocks in uptrend If it breaks this move can go higher even higher, right pretty sweet like very very simple Right. Now, we know if it breaks 145, we can head to 146 146 ish and it will be like very good.Boom it broke Went higher came back retest this level later on in the day if that gives you another patience candle entire crazy Another example just after the next after this day, this is how this went You see this saying that after this day Now we know the trend is strong. What happened here? This is a level next level is say this on a chart and that's what a dollar away, right? Dollar move how do we enter the moment it breaks and then gives us a patience candle take a move toward the upside. Boom I know I know like I know this stuff is cool.Now, let's do the next one Another pattern play always keep an eye on patterns on the hourly chart Of forming this is sweet things forming Trade about this Move towards here move towards here. Now what's happening here? You need to pay attention These levels are sitting
too close to each other Remember what I said these levels are sitting too close to each other if you want to take a trade you could have taken a trade and this would have Freaking worked out a little bit, but this is not how we trade in the first place, right? You know how we trade we want to catch big moves on this. All right, does it make sense? Does it make sense why they're rejected because there was a level right here and there's a level right here Then there's a level right here.There's too much supply sitting next to each other. We don't like that. We're gonna catch big moves Right what happened? Of course it failed Do not hope to get out.Hope's not a position next 150 is a big dynamite level in the pre-market. We are holding this so well. Look at this This is 150 level They're holding this so well every time it tries to break Um, the seller is trying to take over every time it tries to break a little bit higher sellers are like, nope Nope, nope.Nope. Now what's happening here, right? What's happening here is simple very simple It's a big dynamite level. That means there would be a lot of a lot of sellers sitting there If a lot of sellers are sitting there and you want to buy you want to make sure the sellers move aside So the stock can go higher or the sellers get food so the stock can go higher.We want the sellers to move aside That's like i'm trying to push this little this concrete wall doesn't matter how hard I try i'm not able to push But eventually eventually what happens is this concrete wall is like hi I'll just go stand somewhere else or move a little bit higher Reason is why does it move a little bit higher if you're a seller and you want to sell your iphone for 500 dollars But too many people are going to pay you 500 you're like let me test let me put 600 So you move the wall a little bit back so buyers have some room to get there like oh my god They want to pay a little bit back a little bit back and off it goes make sense now What happened in this case? There's a big dynamite level. So You try to break a few times, but get rejected over and over again This is where your what if scenario is coming to place? What if it tried to break and couldn't break or as in the free market? It's trying to break it couldn't break if it gives me patience can or trade toward the downside Does it make sense a little bit? All right, sweet Right here again. This is what happened next day after a couple days We're holding below 150 the moment it broke the 150 what happened made a huge move Then it gave another patient schedule a five minute chart made another huge move.You see what's happening here. Does this make any sense? All right. Um, hope this makes sense now Next is how to play earnings.So this is the earnings day Uh, this was the earnings day right here, but anyway if the earnings coming out here, I do not trade this I do not trade Next day of the earnings and I do not trade this A day before the earnings a day off the earnings a day after the earnings Stay the away if you are a retail trade trader Most of our manipulation happen in the market is around this and you might be like but bro Early is when people get lucky and people make a lot of money Yes, earning is when people get unlucky and people lose a lot of money as well catching earnings
play is a gamble You are too talented to catch A gamble. Can you literally get your Life improved at all being so confident just from gambling, right? We are the house. We want to be the house with the edge rather than 50 50 edge make sense That's why I don't trade day before day off and day after the earnings.I just don't do it All right now later on later on a few days later, what happened? This is um I missed the chart example here. Uh, but anyway, so what happened was this was a level that we were Watching and the next levels were these and the stock went straight to a level. That's sweet.All right, sweet Um, I missed a little little mistake on my side. Anyway, you understood my point, right? Yes It's okay. All right.Next one. Next one is you see you see the volume here Because why is the volume so much because we broke 150 look at the volume crazy volume Now we know that the uptrend has started why big dynamite level broke now, we know if this level breaks 151.5 We're going to go higher to the next levels. Whichever the next level is 153 154 155 if you can't find any recent level like you don't have to go back too far.Just go everyone all the way 150 1. 150 1.5 153 154 155 All right, now what happened boom it broke this boom 153 boom 155 boom Insane, uh, and it all gave fishes candles at all levels do the next one same example from the previous one This is when 155 and we had this candle. This is when we had this candle and now we have watching 155 156 157 Now this 150 break right here. Hang on This 150 break right here was a start of a new trend and now what happened? These are levels we're watching.This is how the trade went. Boom. Boom Even higher and now what happened the trend continued This is when 150 broke and we saw a lot of volume one two three Trend gave you four days to fully enter into positions and then something happened something happened in the market the trend reversed All right trend lasted for a few days something happened in the market trend reversed and what do you do now? Now you look for downside plays man.That's what we do. We don't catch your emotions with nothing We are day traders. We not emotionally attached in our stock Make sense trend lasted for a few days with clean price action until we saw a huge red candle breaking below the previous uh high alert All right.That means the trend has breached now. Now it's time for us to be catching downside moves make sense Yes, can I get a thumbs up? Yeah, come on. All right, sweet All right.Next is a little wrap up of all this the little wrap up is use 60 minute charts To draw the levels fall in love with this use one hour chart to kind of look for you know The macro structure then use one hour chart for levels and this is how you're going to do it fall in love with this This is the first way. This is the first step towards the matter of madness Matter of madness for me the money is this the first step levels in the first step Once you learn this and start adjusting it life going to
become so much easier keep going This may be a little bit confusing right now Line chart draw the levels when I cannot take charts and just the levels And with that first part is done You're doing well. Keep pushing.Let's get you some money now. So Jump to the next module our next video straight away and let's talk a little bit quick recap. All right, you're doing great All right, you're doing amazingly well.Let's go see the next one. All right, this video was a little bit longer. We needed it I'll see you in the next one
cjv4kn5gsuq2i82srgtgWhat is going on friends, welcome back to another video. So in this video, I want to go over the disclaimer. The reason why I want to go over the disclaimer before we even start is now any point you watch after this particular video that simply tells me that you agree and you have read and understood that K-Capital University's terms and conditions, privacy policy and disclaimer that is stated on this website.Now KC Mastermind PDY Limited, we are not investment financial techs or legal advisors. This is only for educational based stuff and this is stuff that worked for me in the past. Okay, I'm not giving you no advice.This is only educational and that's all it is. So please pause the video for a minute and make sure you read this document and any point moving forward after this particular video means that you have acknowledged and you have read and understood all the terms and conditions stated here. Alright, I'll see you in the next one.Keep going, keep pushing. Let's get this.
cjv4orhbb72p7oi2csh0Alright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're gonna talk about my personal trading watchlist now I only trade same stocks pretty much every single day. Okay, so I like personally I Just trade these names spike use Apple Amazon Microsoft meta Tesla AMD in the video Okay These are nine names that I have created basically forever Since the start of I started trading since I started making money I'd never trade anything other than this now the reason why I say that I only trade these names because I kind of treat The names that you trade as you about to get married to them You want to know how they act to different stuff? You want to know how they react to different things like when you know, pretty much let's say me and my wife and we When I was thinking about actually proposing her I was like, okay, how does she react under pressure? How does she react when we're not making any money? How does she react when we're making a lot of money? How does she reacts to me coming late after the whole day of business their homes all sort of stuff, right? And I treat the names that I trade the same way.So I want to see how spy reacts to different levels I want to see how QQQ's or Apple reacts to the supply levels at the demand levels the support the resistances the you know All this stuff. It's very very important Now you need to learn this stuff now The reason why I say this is if you trade pretty much everything like anything that's moving and you try trade it You'll have very hard time kind of You know, you'll have very very hard time trying to trade this profitably or long period of time The reason why I say that is you will not know how they react to certain levels You will not know how they react to the demand areas. You'll not know how they react to their supply areas So if you try to keep trading the same, you know same names over and over again You will understand how they move.You'll understand how they go up. You'll understand how the trend works You'll understand what sort of volume is normal You'll understand a lot of stuff very very deeply and we're gonna talk about all this all the stuff that I mentioned in the whole Course as we go along but only have certain names to trade like do not have your basket of names in your watch There's so big that it's tough for you to trade profitably over long period of time Okay, these are the only nine names that I trade every day and that's what I do This is how I made all the money that I've made so far and I personally think it's the best way to trade and hey I can only share what works for me and this worked for me and that's good All right, and you're doing good doing amazing and I'll see you in the next video. All right.Goodbye
cjv4qb4hjk4hj8a08fr0All right, what is going on welcome back to another module So in this module we have a lot of cool stuff that we're going to go over some of the stuff that we're going to Go over is how to set up your networking account your charts and the applications that you need the trading indicators that you need What sort of broker do you need? Anyway, so we'll discuss all that but before I even move forward. I actually have a couple questions for you. Okay, so we all know Mr. Beast, right? Mr. Beast the youtuber.Okay, if you don't know, I don't know where you live, bro Um anyway, so mr Beast is one of the biggest youtubers on the planet back when he was starting out back when he was starting out He was one of the dudes and some other dudes in his group There were like four or five different mates and they will learn one lesson and they will teach the other people So he basically says if you learn a lesson a day That means now you're learning five lessons a day from all these five people as well, right? And that really really stood out for me So that's simply being said they all grew so fast because why they were all learning from each other and the that 5x to the Growth, right? So which is why I want you to ask your questions in the chat anytime you have any question I want you to ask your question in the chat anytime. Let's say oh bro I'm struggling with this broker and this bit ask your question in the chat like everybody's there to help you out Okay, ask your questions in the chat because that can 5x your growth. Okay, can we have a handshake deal on that? Can you can we do a handshake deal? Come on bring your hand forward.That's your handshake deal sweet Now help each other out like we do the handshake deal One of the quotes that I was reading man, and this is totally off the topic one of the quotes that I was reading It's something said if you do not separate yourself from the distractions your distractions are going to separate you from your goals So do me a favor or do yourself a favor or do your future self a favor leave your phone in some other room Or put airplane mode when you have to work Okay, 99% of people on this planet cannot focus more than five minutes on one task And which is why they broke. It's just a fact. Okay, so I don't know if you know Andrew Carnegie Andrew Carnegie was a steel Guy back in 120 or 30 years ago.Anyway, his net worth 10 was like 340 million dollars 10 Anyway, they asked him what's your secret to success and you know what he said He said I can focus on one task for more than five minutes When I heard that first time it was like it made such a huge impact on me because I realized I could sit Like I literally could sit down for like 30 minutes and focus on one task and then I did some research Am I special one? No, i'm not the special one Everybody can do that Just people choose not to just people choose not to spend more than five minutes on one task before they get distracted They will one of their friend will goddamn send them a message or this or that or something, right? So be careful and like it's very very thin line between productivity and wasting your time When it comes to you working and all of a sudden you feel like oh, this is a little bit more important So you better be careful. Okay, sweet. You got this.
Anyway, let's go over the module. All right So this module we're going to discuss introduction to the brokers how to open an account the margin account cash account full walkthrough setting up your account and we'll discuss my Trading layouts and trading setups that I use the applications that I subscribe to how to get charts trading view full walkthrough What to where to go on the website what plan you need how to set up charts like mine my watch list My trading indicators and my favorite trading indicators. Now, here's the thing about this whole module Okay, it is not broken down exactly like how I have laid out this This is the only stuff that we're going to discuss in this now It's not going to be in sequence one video will be like let's say we'll talk about my favorite layouts first Then we'll talk about into the brokers then then we'll talk about indicators But regardless of how we talk about all this Everything will be discussed in this module and this module will set you up This module will become the guide for you to move forward.Let's say you need to learn something about indicators This module module will have those indicators. You need to set up your trading view charts This module will have the trading view charts You you need to set up your broker account. This module will have the broker account stuff that you need in order to set up right, so don't stress and Make sure you are listening to this module on a separate screen or you know on a computer with a separate screen connected So you can let's say you're listening to this at the same time.You're getting your broker account set up as well Okay, because pause the video and get it done as well like straight away implement it Okay, I will see you in the next video and you're doing good. You handsome bastard. All right, i'll see you in the next video Goodbye
cjv4qq4hjk4hj8a08frgAlright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're going to go over a little recap of the module that we did. Okay.This module was a lot of stuff. I understand this was a lot of things for you to do, but this module was a guide for you to get things done, which I make sense, which kind of makes sense. Like it might be like a little bit stressful, but hey, everything good, everything worth having is stressful.Okay. Period. Now let's go with a little recap of the stuff that we did.So we did introduction to brokers. Now this was not in systematic order, but this is exactly what everything we did. We did introduction to brokers, different sort of brokers, which one is the best broker.And we spoke about how to actually know which broker is a good broker, like the support systems and all sorts of stuff, right? Now that we went over how to open an account, margin account versus cash account, which account do you need? Cash account. Then we did full walkthrough on the website, how to actually make an account. It might be a little bit different from depending on where you are, but I could only show you where I am right now.So full walkthrough, it should be exactly the same system or roughly the same system. Then we did set up, like I have to set up, setting up the account. Now setting up the account, the video was, um, the video that I actually gave you, um, was posted.Like it was actually the video that I made maybe a few months ago. Uh, the reason why that's not actual same video is because I actually had already had the video. So I thought, you know what, there's no point re-recording the video as long as it gets the point done, as long as it gets the job done.I feel like that's pretty much what we need. Yeah. Now next is my screen layout.I showed you my four different screens and, um, and my trading setup, right? The applications that I subscribe to, what applications you need, need a broker, and you need the trading view. That's all you need, right? So now how to get the charts, we've walked through how to get the charts, full walkthrough of trading view, right? How to actually go to the trading view website, all sorts of stuff, which platform you need and all sorts of stuff, right? And then we spoke about how to set up charts like me, right? Give you a video, exact video, how I have my charts. And then we spoke about a little bit about my watch list, the names that I trade every single day.Remember those nine names that I trade every day, eight or nine names. Those are the only names that I trade. And then we spoke about introduction to the trading indicators and then my favorite trading indicators as well.
And this, then we did a little bit of FAQs. Now I understand this module was a lot of stuff to do and it was like, it's a guiding principles for you to move forward. So I'm so glad you smashed it.Now I'll see you in the next module or whatever's next in the plan for you. I'm just so proud of you. Just so proud of you.Like I know this stuff's not easy, man. This stuff's not easy to show up. You're rather what you're watching this rather than watching Netflix.That simply tells me that you have what it takes, right? A lot of people who watch Netflix are the people who want to escape the reality, which they're living right now. And they want to just like, oh, it's so comfortable, but you're watching this rather than Netflix. That simply tells me you have what it takes.So keep going, keep pushing. I'm so proud of you. That's fucking go.
cjv4qq4jjjkp5adbsodgWhat is going on fam, welcome back to another video. In this video we're going to go over, I searched on google a little bit, what are the best brokers for option trading and this and that. So we'll go over a little bit of introduction to brokers and then we'll go over which broker I use and which broker I think you should get.Now it really depends on what, like at the end of the day it doesn't matter what broker you get, if you know how to trade you'll be able to make money. But this is just a quick overview of stuff that I think you should kind of consider because it's important. Now let's go with my screen and let's get to it.Alright, so I just searched best brokers for option trading and some factors to consider when trading options. These are the things alright, option trading platforms are complex, you need to have proper customer service. It's one of the most important things, as I said if they have like over the phone customer service, it's important.If the customer service is over the chat, that means you need to log on to your internet platform and then chat with them. I mean if your internet cut out, you can't have a chat with them and you can't close your trading, like you can't close your trade. If your internet cut out, you need someone sitting on the other side on your phone, not a three hour wait.Like you're sitting on the wait, what? So you need customer service. Then trading platform, like it should be user friendly, it should be something easy, quick, you know, not like something that takes you 65 freaking years to learn. Fees, if you're an active option trader, low fees is what you need, like you do not need to pay $20 on commission every single trade, like you know how much money that would be if you take five trades a day, that's $100, that's what we're talking$25,000 a year on commission, that's a lot right.Education, this is like you don't need it, you have education. Autotypes, you don't need this. Anyway, so main and most important ones are how's the platform, is it actually a regulated platform, is the fees good, is the trading platform legit, solid platform.Just main most important things, most important one that actually comes to my mind is customer service because I have been through times where I need to get out of a position and I literally didn't have the internet or my internet cut out, I just made one phone call and I got out of the position, right, so this is important. Now, what are the different type of brokers? Now there's so many brokers like Force Trade, Merrill Ledge, I don't even know these brokers. Anyway, E-Trade, TD Ameritrade, Ally, Fidelity, Charles Wall, there's so many brokers, like what, there's so many brokers here, so many brokers, Webull, E-Trade, Interactive Brokers, my favourite, TD Ameritrade, there's so many brokers, like Robinhood, which platform, which is the best one.I personally think Robinhood is not the one because Robinhood's just like, it's not even a
broker, it's not a broker, TradeStation is not the one, no, I don't like them, I know people who use them, but they don't like it either, rest is everything pretty crappy. TD Ameritrade is something that you can use as well, it's good, it's a decent broker, but my favourite is this one, Interactive Brokers, this is my favourite, it's such a beautiful platform, it has pretty much everything, this is the one that I will be breaking down how to open an account and how to set up an account because that's the one I use. The reason why I don't use Thinkorswim is when I was starting out, we actually, because I was in Australia and we cannot have interact, we cannot have Thinkorswim in Australia, I don't know why, but it's just only for US or other countries, not for Australians, so we only had option of Interactive Brokers, that's why I went with this, I personally think Interactive Brokers are bloody beautiful, I have people who switch from TD Ameritrade, Thinkorswim, they switch to Interactive Brokers, they're like, bro, this is so good, the fill prices are so good, like it's crazy when you think about it, the fill prices are bloody amazing.Now, think about this for a minute, alright, think about this for a minute, alright, if you have, let's say, best way to kind of put it, if you're trying to get into a contract and the bid price, my bad, the bid price is 440, I don't know why I decked it up, but you get the point, bid price is 440, now just think about it for one second, if the bid price is 440, the ask price is 460, alright, let's see if it works now, 440, ask is 460, I don't know why I decked it up, but you got the point. Now, if you try to get into the, if you try to get filled and they filled you at the bid price in order for you to get into a trade, now, bro, that saved you and you did 10 contracts, just let's say, or you did 5 contracts, you know, if it saved you $20, that saved you $100 straight away, that means the best fill prices mean everything for us option traders, and interactive brokers have those, so I personally think interactive brokers are the way to go, and you need best customer support, best platform, and it's just so good, it's just so good, I just love it, alright, so, interactive brokers, in the next video I'll show you how to actually open an account, so, let's get started, alright, you got this, let's go.
cjv51c4jjjkp5adbsoi0All right, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video in this video I'm going to go over as the name suggests few questions that you might have in your brain right now So let's go over them individually Let's go dig into them individually Why because I do not want you to have any sort of confusion or any sort of questions in your brain as before We even move forward. Okay, so let's get to it without wasting any time. Shall we? Okay.Now are we the question might be are we going to cover how to draw levels in this course? Are we going to go over anything about that? Yes We have one full module or in this whole thing planned out on support and resistance levels So don't stress we'll go deep into what makes a good level how to actually use the levels and it's actually very easy It's one of the most easiest things levels one of the most easiest things. Don't worry l t p levels trend Patience handles we have modules on everything don't stress. I got you Okay.Now next question might be like a support and resistance level same as supply and demand for me. Yes It is now depends on who you ask, right? We'll go over this in very much detail demand is more where buyers hold like what is the price hold at the support level? Why does the price hold why because there's demand of other people buying that's why the price holds, right? Now if there's a resistance, what is the price reject because there's sellers what are sellers? There's a supply for me demand and supply is same as support resistance Okay. Now that question might be like how do I actually set up charts like me? We have a video few I think three or four videos about this.There was a video how to set up charts like me So go watch that video again, please. Um, all right now that question might you might have in your brain is do you use chart patterns? Um, yes, I do and no I don't every single chart pattern to me pretty much is like a bull flag like look at this It looks like a bull flag to me. I pick up and handle pretty much like a bull flag Because this is the price and this is the handle pretty much like bull flag every single thing for me is pretty much like a bull Flag, so I try to make my life easiest.Okay That's all we do. I will talk about them individually. Don't stress Now next question might be like is there any way to set stop-loss on the option contracts? Now we'll talk about this But once you know where the stop-loss is, it's we only use manual stop-loss We don't use like we don't put stop-loss into the system Why because the options move a little bit wild sometimes so we don't use those But it's all manual because you'll understand why the stop-loss is going at certain price and it's not like because I like the number It's a strategy and you're going to use a strategy and you're going to make a lot of money.Don't stress. Okay Next is you might say, um, bro. I have discipline issues where I don't get out at a stop-loss I now you have let me let me go with this Um in a different scenario, let's say if I tell you bro, go to your backyard Okay, this just means you're having a conversation Hey, go to your backyard in your backyard under the tree on the left hand side If you dig seven feet down,
there is a box and what's in the box? There is the box is full of gold coins from 500 years ago What is the first thing you're going to do as soon as we hop off the call? No matter how tired you are you are going to check what the fuck is in that box so you can change your life Yeah Same thing here What if I tell you that box is literally sitting in your trading if you follow the frameworks are going to go over nothing else Just follow those the box is sitting in your trading full of gold coins and precious gems.You don't need to do anything now Everything becomes so much simple why because you're going to use the exact strategies exact frameworks that we're going to go over and Life becomes literally so much fucking easier like you have no idea. All right, sweet You got this so your discipline issues are only because you do not have a system Once you have a system your discipline issues do not even exist at all Okay Now the next question is uh, which you might have should I have 20% stop loss on the option contracts, bro No, now stocks always move from a level to level stocks never move from um, you know Or in the middle of nowhere stocks always move from one level to the next level if you enter based on a strategy The loss can be a little bit bigger sometimes as well, but the reward will be big as well Okay, so I don't want you to set your stop loss or I just want to lose 20% on the option contract No, if the stop loss is a little bit wide the reward is going to be wider as well Okay, so it's all based on the strategies. I just want you to follow strategies Okay Now do the contracts pay all the time like no sometimes it really depends Sometimes you'll see like when you enter a trade and you'll hear me say on the voice when i'm trading with you All these contracts are not paying that just means like stocks move in 100 miles an hour And the contracts are moving at 40 miles an hour That means there's something fishy, right? If the stock's moving so fast the contract should be moving fast as well But something is fishy based on our strategies We'll deal with this in detail as well as we move forward but stocks not always move forward Like they all not always pay these options not always pay because it depends on the IV and a lot of other factors as well Okay.Now do you use heart or mental stop loss? I use mental stop loss based on my strategies I will know exactly how much I stand to lose the first place If there's a wider stop loss, I'll go in a small position size Let's say if the stop if the stop loss is quite wide. I will go in small position size Why so I stand to lose less, you know pretty much the amount of money for small Position for big position size but stop small stop loss So if you have a wide stop loss go small position size Okay, if small stop loss then you can go in a big position size All right. Now next might be do you trade when earnings or FOMC come out? No, no now why not? I believe that i'm too talented to make money Rather than gambling on these events.I know how the market works. I know how the price action works I know how everything fucking pretty much works and I have proved that to my own self in last three four years that I know How things work now? I don't need to gamble. Yeah, I can make a lot of money but Is it worth the stress like let me ask you this if you follow the strategies, you know What can happen in your life? You will be able to retire your parents you'll be able to retire your wife or your partner You'll be able to send your kids to a private school.
You'll be able to buy nice cars for yourself Nice car for your for your wife nice cars for your family You'll be able to buy the house cash for yourself and for your parents for your loved ones you'll be able to have like say 12 or 15 trips a year to cross the globe and You have pretty much everything now if you're this person who's living this life if I come to you be like Hey, do you want to gamble here where you can maybe make double your money? You're gonna be like bro. I don't need money like yeah, I love trading I love money, but I don't need to gamble and be in stress. Like I know how the things work Do you really will gamble on fomc or earnings? No, like what for to make money, which you already have a lot of You have a point.That's why I don't do it. And uh, which is why you won't you will not do it six months from now We'll be laughing at this video again. I promise you.Okay Now, how can you tell if the market is going to be trendy or range bound easy? This stuff is easy Okay, this stuff is easy now. I think you do not believe when I say I am going to turn you into a machine That prints money. I'm going to turn you into a machine that knows how to spot the trend I'm going to turn you into a machine that knows how to spot the range bound market I'm going to just turn you into a machine that fucking prints money So how can I tell when it's trendy or range bound we have strategies for everything We use frameworks for everything there's framework to make chai.There's frameworks to make coffee There's frameworks to make pizza everything there's frameworks. We're going to learn the frameworks So life becomes so much easier. All right So another question is are you ready to commit on this journey for next six months if you are i'm your man I'm gonna make this fucking happen for you.All right, if you know good luck That's all I have but because you're listening to this video. I know you're ready to commit So let's fucking get the money. All right, don't stress.I got you big big big things ahead All right. I'll see you in the next one. Keep pushing keep going.I know you have it in you All right, let's get this that fucking go
cjv51c5gsuq2i82srh5gAlright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're going to talk about my screen setups my screen layouts The sort of things that I like to have on my screens. Okay, I kind of always treat my screens as real estate Okay, so if you have two screens, by the way, I made my first meal of my laptop and my one screen Okay, so you don't need too many screens But let's talk about how you should set up the screens or especially how I have the screens, right? By the way, ignore the back background.Um, I have my family who knows I am recording videos They need to make a lot of sound anyway, um, let's talk about my screen layouts and my trading setup All right So I have total four screens total number of four screens one two, three four and this is a little bit old photo But anyway, um four screens two are curved. So this one and this one is curved Okay And two are 27 inch flat screens and the flat screens right now are on top Both on top and two curved on the bottom and now the ipad we're engaged with the discord and talk to you guys And the one stream deck stream deck is where it's pretty much like actors hotkeys. You do not need stream deck I promise you you do not need stream deck because the stream deck is only when you get to like let's say $10,000 a month every single month.Okay, that's when you need stream decks because now you're playing with more money All right, sweet. Um, but this is how I have set up. So now what do I have on the chart? So I have four charts on this six charts on this i'm watching always nine or ten charts Um all the time then I have a discord this side Just like to keep an eye on the stuff and I have a discord on my ipad as well And this is used for interactive brokers and this is used for my dash trader.You might be like what is dash trader man? dash trader is Simply my where I get my level two. Okay, this is where I get my level two Now you do not i'll be honest with you. You do not need double two up until you get to ten thousand dollars a month You can get to ten thousand a month or a thousand a day every single day That's twenty thousand a month.But up until that you do not need ever do. Okay, so this is what I have as my Level two that's what I use and this is my broker and we'll talk about how to set this up as well in the upcoming Videos, but this is the screen where most of the focus is all the time Why because i'm trading on the screen and watching level two on the screen Okay, and when i'm on voice I usually call out plays like i'm looking at level two and you don't have to all right Sweet and rest of the screens are just like you getting used for charts and stuff So but you clearly you do not need four screens If you have one laptop and one additional screen that can do the job And by the way, the first screen that I bought ever bought came from a garage sale I think i paid 20 for the screen. It was a 23 inch hp 23f but that's how I made.Um, that's literally how I made my first time So you do not need too many screens and uh, hey if it works it works and don't over complicate it Just keep it easy. All right now in the next next module or the next video We're going to talk about my personal watch list and the watch list
that I use every single day Or there will be a few links under the next video as well where all the watch list links would be So i'm excited and i'll see you in the next one. Take it easy up until then look after yourself.All right Yeah, i'll see you soon. Goodbye
cjv52a4jjjkp5adbsoigWhat is going on fam welcome back to another video so in this video we're going to go over some of the subscriptions and the applications that i subscribe to which allows me to trade the way i do and allows me to make the money the way i make and this is non-negotiable some of the stuff is negotiable we'll go over this but some of the stuff is non-negotiable and we'll go over that stuff as well okay let's get to the video and hey by the way i'm super proud of you you're making a killing especially because you started this journey and uh i'm so freaking proud of you and i'm so pumped i'm so pumped up for you let's go all right now some of the applications that are subscribed to i use task trader pro for level 2 and times and sales that cost about 150 175 a month now this one is the only one from the list which is maybe like it's a negotiable you don't have to get it but yeah okay trading view you're going to cost you like 60 bucks a month or 20 30 dollars a month depends if you get it on special you know special discount codes and anyway well trading view is non-negotiable like this is non-negotiable you need to have this okay then comes trading view real-time data what's the point of you using delayed data when you're trying to day trade that means something happened 10 minutes ago you're trying to trade now like that doesn't give us an edge right that's why you need to have this data arca nyse and nasdaq okay you need to have this real-time data we'll go over this i'll break this down everything in proper order why or maybe in the previous videos already did so this is important okay you need this then ivkr ivkr is just a broker this is it doesn't cost you anything but it's a application that i use for trading it's by far the most advanced consumer trading platform and has a ton of features and commissions are very low it's very very very fast execution speed and 24 7 support that can help you with fields and liquidity right um i hate those brokers imagine a broker which only offers chat support there's some brokers out there they only offer chat support so let's say your internet went down now you need to call your broker to execute the trade for you but they're like nah sorry just check with us how do i check with you or you check with us on the website bro my internet's not working i have too bad so you need that's why you need 24 7 support over the phone as well sitting there just in case your internet rate goes down they can still execute the trade for you just to get you out of the position okay these are the only applications that trading view is important this and ivkr these are the only two which is like the most important okay ivkr is a broker interactive broker it's a world-renowned broker and these extra subscriptions there's these subscriptions by the way the subscription that we spoke about these subscriptions are important they are very very important okay now when i say they're important they are important you need this all right now let's talk about these extra data subscriptions are necessary for the strategy that i am going to go over with you without these data subscriptions the indicators that we use will shift a little bit okay they will not line up if you use think or swim the indicators will not line up with me so you need trading view okay the indicators on the platform will be a little bit different than the indicators on trading view so you need trading view okay these subscriptions on trading view are very essential to your strategies i just want to put this out there for you if you want to follow and learn my strategies you will need to get trading view and subscribe to these three this is
like very important i don't care about like what broker you use not so much i only care about like you need trading view i make sense sweet you're doing amazing now in the next video we're gonna go over um some of the how to actually get the like how to set up trading view how to set up ibkr and all sort of stuff so you're gonna be fun and i will see you in the next one all right sorry goodbye
cjv52a4jjjkp5adbsoj0Alright, what is going on fam? Welcome back to another video. So in this video, this module, I'm going to give you a little bit about myself, who I am, who you're even listening to. Alright, so about me, my name is Samesh and talking about a little bit about my early childhood man.I was raised up in a very, very, very countryside in the middle of nowhere, back in India, okay. The money was very tough to come by. My dad worked all of his life and my mum looked after the kids.And it was a traditional marriage my parents had. And my dad had the masculine role, my mum looked after the house. So, you know, and my love for money started when I saw my dad struggle for money.But, and I wanted the good stuff. I wanted to show off to my friends that I'm, you know, because, hey, as a kid, what do you want to do? You want to show off your cool toys and I didn't have any cool toys. So my love for money pretty much started when I was really, really, really young.And then it really picked up when I was like 16-ish and 16 or 17. My girlfriend at the time that I had, she broke up with me. She dumped me because she went for somebody who had more money.And that's what actually triggered the stuff where I'm like, you know what, I want money. And because I reached out to him, I'm like, why would you do that? And she's like, oh, because you have more money and blah, blah, blah. So if it's about money, I'm going to make sure that I have enough.So that's how the love for money started at 16-ish. And I started my first business, dropshipping, which was like eight or nine years ago. If you're watching this video, I'm recording this in 2023, nine years ago, what was it? We're talking like 2015 or 16.That was like the golden age for dropshipping. I used to get stuff from China and sell to other people. And it was like the golden age and I started making so much money.And then at 18, turned 18, I had to move to Australia, immigrated to Australia by myself and because for a better life, to be honest. And I think if I would have stayed in India, there would have been a few good things that would have happened, a few bad things that would have happened. But the good thing would have been my business would have really, really picked up.The bad thing would have been I would have not been where I am. You would not be listening to me. So I immigrated to Australia for first year.It was really, really tough. Don't know where I'm going to sleep. Don't know what I'm going to
eat.None of that stuff. So it was tough, but we got this. And I'm here now.So the first time I learned about trading was in September or August of 2018. I think it was August or September of 2018. I actually listened to a video or an interview on YouTube and the interview, a trader was talking about how, you know, he had made millions.And I'm like, if he can make millions, I can make too. But how? But towards the end of the video, he mentioned a trading book. And I actually didn't buy, I actually stole the book from the bookstore.Didn't have money to buy. Anyway, because the book was like 60, 70 bucks. I'm like, what? $70 for this book? So I stole.Anyway, I read the book and you know, you know what you think as soon as you start like, you think you're at the top of the world and same it was me. For first 14 months, I was just chasing my own tail over and over again because I thought I knew what I was doing and I didn't realize that I should be investing more money into myself. But around after 14 months, I really started working on myself, started improving myself.And I met my mentor, Stock Hunter, which you will see in the chat as well. I met Stock Hunter and I'll tell you stories some other day now. Otherwise this video will be like three hours long.Anyway, I met my mentor, Stock Hunter, and he was a market maker. He worked at J.P. Moore. He worked like at big banks for pretty much all of his life.He's like six years old. He told me some stuff and he gave me the basic idea of what the stock market is, the stuff that I didn't know. And he just told me to copy his trades.And I just copied his trades. Now everybody or myself, I was trying to learn by losing money. Now I was learning while making money.I was just copying his trades and then reaching out to him. Why did you take this trade? Where did all this stuff? And he was from Australia as well. So I just used to copy his trades sitting like I'll stand behind him and I'll see him take a trade.I'll take the trade as well. And I started learning while making money. That's where I really, really took off.2019, I really took off. Made like 100 grand. By 2020, I was at the right place, right time.2020, the COVID crash happened. Everything went to downside. Like I had like 100G saved up.Now at this point, from where was it saved up? I just copied his trades and I just made 100 grand. Now I was at the right place, right time with the right people. And he had the market
experience.And around my birthday, which is the last week of March, and he's like, as a birthday gift, because I invited him at the party. You know, I said, this is 2020 because it was my 21st birthday. So I invited him and he said to me, invest this, this, this amount of money in Apple and buy this, this, this, this, this, in option contracts.Like buy this option contract, sell here. He gave me the whole plan written out on a piece of paper, pretty much. Right.And I'm like, all right, I exit because I had already gotten results by copying his trades. Now I was at a point where he was like not trading that often. He was traveling and there was some stuff going on in his personal life, but he gave me exact plan that I should be doing.The trust was already there. I already trusted what I already trusted him. So I already knew what he's going to say is going to be worth it because why I've already made so much money following him.Anyway. So that was how I made my first million in 2020, because he was, uh, you know, he told me what to do and I just did it. Now, a lot of people have told you what to do as well.People just don't listen. I listened. The reason why I listened was because I already had gotten the result and I trusted him.All right. So 2019 to present, um, don't made my first mil in 2020 made my first three-ish mil 2021 and I'm here now. All right.So that's good. That's good. Um, I'm 24 and a half years old, 25 and yeah, we making a kill it.Now my edge of my style is very different from a lot of people. Okay. My edge, my trading edge is not like what everybody trades.My trading edge, my trading edge is totally different. Here's the thing. If you try my trading edge with the stuff that you learn from other people, not going to work.You have to follow exactly what I do. It's well written up, laid out plan. This is what we do.This is what we do for day trades. And when everything is there, you start seeing success. That's my style.Like you exactly know where your stop loss, you exactly know where's your profit target. Everything's well written out in front of you for the strategies. And when everything is well written out in front of you, it is very, very slight, tiny chances that you will still fuck up.But most of the time, if you follow the stuff, you'll still make money. All right. So that's my style and a whole style.
Now, six months of dedication. I asked you guys for six months of dedication. The reason why six months, because it took me about six months.After 14 months of losing, took me about six months to make my first underground. So six months of dedication. You know what I'm going to do to you? Six months of focus and hard work and dedication and alignment can put you five years ahead in life.Now, are you ready to push yourself five years ahead in life? That's my question. Are you ready? If you are ready, I'm willing to bet on you. Are you willing to bet on yourself? If you are, you're the right place.All right. It's going to be so much fun. It's not too much work to do for you.It's not going to be too much work. Why? Because you'll be making money. That's where things get really interesting.Okay. Six months of focus, hardcore alignment, hard work, or smart work. Everything's going to fall in its right place.And you go in an upward spiral where everything starts working for yourself. Everything starts working for you. All right.And then a little example of Rolls Royce versus Toyota. All right. So here's an example.It takes 16 hours to build a Toyota and six months to build a Rolls Royce. Anything worth having takes time to get. All right.So you're going to take you six months, but you can bloody go do something that goes for like three weeks or four weeks or a day or two days. And then you become a Toyota while people that we are going to freaking train in six months are going to be the Rolls Royce. Choice is yours.I have everything written out in front of me. I know if you follow where you're going to be and it's going to be fun. It's going to be so much fun.You ready to push this? If you are ready to bet on yourself, I'm ready to bet on you. If you're not ready to bet on yourself, I'm not going to bet on you. All right.Let's go. Now jump to the next video. You're doing good.And now you know a little bit about myself and you learn a little bit about myself as we trade live and you learn how funny, not funny, maybe how chill I am. I'm just a chill person. I'm just a chill dude.I'll see you in the next one now. All right. Goodbye.
cjv53n1bb72p7oi2csp0What is going on? Welcome back to another video. So in this video, we're going to go over some very important topics that I have, which is FastTrack 3, LODs, no LODs. Alright, now under this video, there'll be another video which kind of shows you around how to actually get into the Discord, what to do, all sorts of stuff, but it's okay.So go to the Discord group after this, watch the next video, and it will take you to get your access in the Discord. Go to the Discord group, introduce yourself, answering three questions, okay? Three questions that I want you to ask, like here's the thing, LODs, no LODs. By the end of this, I want you to kind of think of this whole thing as you have people pretty much everywhere in the world kind of looking after you.Now, I know for a fact, even if I go to New York, Texas, anywhere, be it Australia, be it Singapore, be it Greenland, Iceland, wherever, I have people everywhere, Japan, Korea, everywhere. I have people looking after me everywhere. The only way I was able to do that was by introducing myself to other people.That was it. Connections. Network is a network.Okay, so the three questions that you have to answer there is, what did you join KCU? Alright, Mark Tweeney says, a man behind everything that he does, he has two reasons. One that he tells his wife and friends. The second one is the real reason, and I want to know the real reason.Why did you decide to join the K-Capital University? Alright, now the next one is, what idea do you have in your mind for your trading right now? It could be like, hey, I am roughly making around $300 a month right now, and I want to take this to $30,000 a month in the next 12 months. Whatever idea you have in your for your trading, let us know. Okay, and the third point, which is why I want to know this, I'll tell you a reason, what's your dream location? Where do you want to go the dream holiday? What's the location? Could be Japan, could be Dubai, could be wherever.The reason why I ask this is, somebody else might be from that location, and you're introducing yourself, and that's your vacation home, and somebody is already there, and he's like, bro, whenever you come down, let me know. And now you actually decide, say 12 months later, you have the money saved up to actually go travel with your family. You let this person know, hey man, we're coming down.He shows you guys around, gets you a hotel, and you're working as a team. You see what I'm saying? Now, note, your group is where you're going to go get the help first. We all work as a team there.Of course, I'm there, but other people, other members are definitely there to help you out as well. That is where you share your big wins, small wins, everything. Doesn't matter what it is.
It could be even your small losses as well. For example, it could be like, hey, I made my first trade, and it sucked so much. I made so many mistakes.Boom. Share that with us. Let us know, because we all went through that stuff, and we all are there to help you out moving forward.Whatever you need, the right help, we all will be there. We all will be talking, chatting, having fun, talking our wins, talking our losses, talking about the lessons that we learned, talking everything. You know what I'm saying? After this video, type out a message on your phone, then watch the next video.That will give you access to all the Discord stuff, the cool stuff, and then look around in the Discord, and you'll find a channel, introductions, or a normal chat channel. Let us know all these three questions. Why did you join? What idea do you have for your trading? And what's your dream location? Okay.If you do that, hey, make sure you tag me so I know, and maybe I'll be traveling with you. We will make a plan together. Hey, cool stuff, huh? All right.You did amazing. Beautiful. The next video is going to be... After the next video, maybe there's another video that I have in my mind what I'm going to record, but watch the next video now to get access to the Discord, then let us know, introduce yourself to us, and welcome.We're going to make so much fucking money together. All right. Let's get it. So excited. Let's go.
cjv54l4hjk4hj8a08g4gAlright what is going on fam, welcome back to another video. So in this video we are going to talk about setting up the indicators on tradingview. So in the previous video we spoke about my trading watchlist, in the previous video before that we spoke about little walkthrough of tradingview, how to sign up and all sort of stuff.And I explained where the indicators are. So in this video I am simply going over, very rough, I will still, the next video will show how I actually put them on my, like in the real time. But in this video we are going to just go roughly what are all the indicators that I use.Now let's go over this. So setting up indicators on tradingview, I use multiple, quite a lot of indicators, you will be like bro there are too many indicators. But every single one of them has a purpose.They are not on my charts just because I like them. They have a purpose. I use ORB, VWAP, Volume, Exponential Moving Average 8 and 21, Simple Moving Average 200, Ripster Cloud and Open Price.Now we are not going to talk about how do we use them and what they mean and all sort of stuff. I am just going to go over how I put them over the charts. And in the upcoming videos we will talk about how I use them and then the rest of the course.Okay so let's go over how do we put these on the charts right. And this is all on tradingview by the way alright. So setting up the correct ORB.You need to go on this indicator tab on the top. Then search ORB. And this is guy ZZZcrypto123. This is the guy. You just need to click this. When you click this it will go on your charts.And then you go on its settings. And this is the settings. Okay just take multiple screenshots of this whole thing.That's pretty much all I want you to do for the rest of this video. Is take multiple screenshots. In the next video I will explain how to actually put them on the charts and how to actually do the settings okay.So take screenshots. This is screenshot 1 for the ORB. This is the settings for ORB. Just take screenshots of this okay. Then this is the VWAP. Same thing.You go search VWAP. And this is what settings that you do for the VWAP. And I'll do them in the real time with you okay.Don't stress. VWAP is done. Now we need to go volume.
This is the settings on volume. Just take screenshots. That's all pretty much you need to do. And this is 8 EMA. Again just take screenshots. Don't make it extra hard.And then we go over 21 EMA. Pretty easy huh. Then we go over 2200 simple moving average. This is my favorite by the way. This is my absolute love. Like I love this.Then we go over Ripster EMA clouds. And this is the only. You need to search Ripster. Ripster EMA cloud by Ripster 47. Done. Then you need to go over open price.Just go search open price. And this guy Fibonacci open price. Okay.And this is the settings for open price. Okay. The style and visibility settings. Sweet. Now I know this video was pretty useless. You might think that way.But I promise you it will help you forever. Because you don't have to watch the whole thing. You can just come back to this video every time you have to set up new charts.Just be like boom boom boom boom boom. Or you can just go over the screenshots boom boom boom boom boom. Done.Alright. I have gone through everything that you're going through right now. And I know which stuff is helpful.Which stuff is not helpful. And I only go over the stuff that is super helpful. For you not. Maybe not now. Maybe in future. But yeah.Alright. Sweet. I'll see you in the next video.And we will go over how to set up the charts like mine. Okay. How I actually from the blank screen do actually setting up the charts.Sweet. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.
cjv55j4jjjkp5adbsoogWhat is going on lord hope you doing well hope you like my haircut I actually get i'm getting the beard done every pretty much every week now. So just so I look a little bit more sexy Anyway, uh jokes apart. Let's go over the indicators in this one This is a master class for indicators and we're going to go over main topics about indicators like everything that you need to know About indicators.Okay So now let's talk about some indicators and what they describe and stuff all sorts like all that jazz Okay, now let's go over it now technical indicators. Okay. Now technical indicators are used by traders for three big reasons Okay.Now the first reason is it alerts. I want you to think of it as a traffic light Okay, think of it as a traffic light. It alerts the traders about potential move Okay, it will simply alert you this can happen then it predicts the move for the trader and then it confirms the move By actually the whole thing starts working Okay, so I want you to kind of think like you need to pretty much use this everywhere in your life like let's say you have certain friends that you need to put them in a red bucket green bucket and yellow bucket like Yellow buckets are people who are you who you are not sure if your car broke down at two o'clock at night You're like, maybe he will come down to I don't know.Not exactly. Maybe he'll come maybe not the red indicator The red ones red buckets like nah, he's definitely not coming the green ones Yeah, he will come down anytime that I call him. So those are the good friends So we use this I use this pretty much everywhere red yellow and green Okay, the traffic lights now an indicator can act as an alert Okay, it will alert you about the to study the price section a little bit more closely For example, if there's a divergence between the price and the volume that can alert you like that There's some dangers of staying in the move now It's alerting you and then predicting some traders use indicators to predict the keyword is predict Just remember predictions aren't facts prediction is just a prediction Okay Now confirm indicators can be used to confirm other technical analysis tools For example, if the price is pushing higher and the volume is pushing higher as well Know what that tells us that simply tells us that it's confirming the move.Okay, you get my point make sense. Yes Okay, sweet Now, of course we are going to go over deep into volume and all sort of stuff But I just want you to understand a little bit of stuff like as long as we be on the same page It's good So indicator can alert you indicator can predict the move for you and indicator can confirm the move for you as well Okay now different type of indicators. There are two different types of indicators overlays and oscillators Okay, so overlays are indicators that actually lay on the chart So this is the price action chart and any indicator that's overlaying like 8 EMA, 21 EMA Two on a moving average those are considered overlays VWAP.Oscillators are indicators that do not go on the exact same Like on the price they stay on the
different pane pretty much like volume They stay different they stay separate now The best way to put it is this overlay indicators are on the charts and other one independent Indicators oscillators are on the bottom window or top window whatever you want to like whatever you like to do, right now Let's talk about the leading indicators Okay Now we will talk about the them further these indicators are divided into two leading and lagging Some indicators lead some indicators lag. Okay, so let's go over those Okay So what are the leading indicators leading indicators are designed to lead the price movement most address a type of price momentum Over a fixed look back period which is number of periods used to work out the indicator. For example, 14 day rsi Rsi stochastic.This is what I do not like. I don't like leading like they I don't like them personally I don't like them. Okay.Now. Why is that now if you don't understand this doesn't don't have to like this is not important I don't like them. Okay.Now, why is that some pros and cons? So the pros and cons of leading indicators are like this Okay pros, it will give you early entry for and exit but early signal means great risk Early signals want you to act as well. But early signals gives you false signals more signals That's a pro but more signals means more whipsaws more trades more loss It gives signals to trade with the trend whipsaws can mean greater commissions as well, right? So I don't personally like them. You know what? I like.I like lagging indicators. Those are my favorite. These are lagging indicators All right So lagging indicators are designed to follow price movement If the price is pushing higher lagging indicators will push as well They're called trend following indicators trend following indicators work best when the market or securities have strong trend For example emas for example simple moving average They're designed to get traders in can keep them in as long as the trend is intact when you're making money I want you to make fucking boatloads of money.Those are only possible by lagging indicators now pros and cons Can we talk about them? Yeah, look at that. Look at the animation Damn Let's talk about this the pros the ability to catch a move and stay in a move on trendy market It's very easy to use in trendy market It can generate big profits longer the trend less signals less trades less headaches How good is that and the cons that do not work in the range bound markets? So we do not need to make them work. I'm gonna give you strategies for everything.Okay signals are quite late We do not use indicators to enter we use price action, but indicators are only there to guide us Okay, they simply alert us. They predict the move a little bit for us. They confirm the move Okay, now late entry and exit point can ruin risk to reward but we have a best strategies for everything So these cons are not really cons.This is stuff. Just we have found a fix to it All right, you get my point now one mistake that I see traders make all the time I do not want you to make those mistakes one mistake that I see
people make with indicators See this she's headache and she is headache and he has a headache and boom The mistake that people make is the trade indicators in isolation. You know what isolation is just by themselves Never ever trade anything in the stock market in isolation Never never ever trade anything in the stock market in isolation That simply means like let's say for example, you only have one indicator or five indicators or 20 indicator What a house for many men like 20 is not too bad.Okay, but anyway, so you following indicators All right, you have some indicators and you just trade them. You do not check the price action You do not check the bigger time frames. You do not check the levels.You do not check the trends You do not check the patient scandals and you only trade indicators trading indicators in isolation is the result like it will lead you to trade bad and that will lead you to blow your money and that will lead you to Coming back to me and be like bro. Your strategies don't work, right? You didn't take the strategy like you didn't understand the strategies in the first place Indicators are there to help us indicators are there to predict predictions are not facts. Remember that.All right, you get my point Now you're doing well. Keep the momentum up and I will see you in the next one. All right, let's go
cjv55j5gsuq2i82srhb0What is going on fam welcome back to another video and uh, hey, you're doing freaking amazing. All right doing very good So now what do we need to do in this video? We are going to go over some of the indicators that I use every day or every now and then but these indicators are Important for you to learn why because you will only see growth if you try to understand the fundamentals first The fundamentals are clear then we can build upon those fundamentals in the whole period of us together working together Now the first thing first let's get started and first indicator that I use is simple moving average now It doesn't matter what simple moving average I use We need to understand the fundamentals and we can get into nitty gritties like as we go along, right? So what is sma simple moving average is the type of moving average for the stock over a specific period of time now Most moving averages are based on the closing price. Okay, this is just a fact now All data is left alone as a new data comes to picture now you might be like, what does that mean? Think about it as let's say you did five.Let's say you did five push-ups today You did six push-ups yesterday did 11 push-ups yesterday. Okay. Now, what's the average? What's the average push-ups that you did? So to calculate that what would you do is six plus five eleven twenty two in three days you did right? So that would be seven point.Um, seven point three three, whatever right seven point three three, right? I think so, right? Now that's the average you did that simple moving average now you still need to calculate the three thing Let's go one more time. All right, so this is done now tomorrow. Let's say in future Now the new numbers are you did 10 push-ups today yesterday? You did five day before you did six day before you did 11 now We need to calculate just last three days of average.So what's the three days of average now today yesterday and day before yesterday? So what would you do here? You will leave this alone like you like fuck this no point Now, what's the new average new average is 21. This is 21 divided by 3 21 divided by 3 that is 7, right? Now that's a 7 is the new average from last three days that you've been doing you get my point So we this is why old data is left alone as the new data come to the picture in the simple moving average You get my point makes sense sweet Now this is how the simple moving average gets plotted if you use 200 simple moving average That means it's just calculating last 200 closing prices divided by 200. Okay, that's all it is Make sense.Now. How does this calculations work? These are the calculations work 1 plus 2 plus 3 divided by 3 2 the new data comes in Then you leave the first day alone. You just calculate the last one make sense That's how it does and this is how the charts on the charts it kind of goes.All right, sweet Now let's talk about explanation moving average now You want to be like but what does this help in this helps us in conforming reversal the excess support and resistance? It's great tool for applying stop losses. It helps in identifying trend, but that's not the point here We need to learn the fundamentals as we go along in the whole period that we're all going to
work together We will be able to build upon these fundamentals. So just try to learn don't try to get into the really nitty gritties yet Okay, um next is exponential moving average What is exponential moving average is a type of moving average that gives more weight to recent prices in attempt to make it more responsive to the new information now What this kind of does is it tries to let's say you did five push-ups day before yesterday six push-ups yesterday You did 13 push-ups today.It will try to put more weight on the recent stuff then equal weight on everything It'll try to put more weight on the recent stuff. I guess this is exponential moving average It tries to calculate your exponential growth. Okay, so same pretty much the same line that was on simple moving average running across But this is calculated quite deep.You do not need to learn this Um, the software does it for you, but it tries to put more weight on the recent stuff. That's only thing Okay, now let's get into the vwap. What is vwap? What is the vwap? Okay vwap is volume weighted average price Okay What is vwap v for volume volume weighted average price that means according to the volume at that particular period According to the volume if you put weight on the volume that price is the average price make sense It's the average price of all the transaction within a specific trading session When you put weight on the volume, that's how you calculate this All right volume as the name suggests volume weighted average price.Okay now it's used for day tradings on smaller time frame Only you cannot use on a daily chart It's only used for day trading on smaller time frames like 5 minutes 10 minutes 15 minutes 2 minutes Right or anything under a day daily time frame. All right Now what does this line looks like this line just looks like this Okay, now i'll explain how the smart money uses this don't stress about this We'll go over quite a deep into everything how everyone uses it But this is just like you got the point. This is according to the volume This is this should be the average price at that given time So if it's trading here, that means trading above the average price This should be the average price right here, but trading above the average price Okay, that's all all you need to remember moving forward now macd everyone heard of recti.Did you hear your macd? Okay, macd moving average convergent divergence The only way how I use macd is i'll go over in a minute and I do not use this for every single day But i'll go it's a trend following indicator that shows us when we have reversals and helps us finding in the trend Macd is unique in its own lagging element and leading elements as well Remember the lagging indicators and leading indicators macd has a little bit of lagging has a little bit of leading as well Okay. Now this is macd if this is the price. This is the macd my friend.Okay now macd bullish divergence This is only way how I use macd. I do not use it in any other way shape or form Okay, I only use it for finding divergences. That's it Now a bullish divergence occurs when the price makes a lower low like look at this price makes a lower low Bullish divergence occurs when the price makes a lower low, but the macd records a higher low All right.
I'll go one more time when price makes a low like this is a low This is a low price made a new low but this was here and this is here, but macd made a higher low. That's Bullish divergence, you know what that means a lower low on the stock tells us it's in a downtrend But the high low on the macd tells us it's slowing momentum. What is momentum now momentum? I want you to think of momentum as a train is running at say 500 miles an hour 200 miles an hour And it's coming to a full stop now 200 miles an hour 180 150 120 110 90 80 70 60 50 40 30 21 Right done coming to a full stop now You're going to reverse you my point a train doesn't go like reverse no slowly stops, right? Same things here macd tells us that the price is kind of slowing down and it can reverse It doesn't say it will reverse it's saying it can reverse.Okay. Now, this is how it works Now, let me show you example on a real chart. Now.Look at this chart for a minute. Okay Um, look at this chart for a minute So stock market makes a lower low like right here and right here. It made a lower low right and What happened on macd it went from this and this it made a higher low, you know, what happened? What can happen here prices can bounce but how to trade this stuff and all stuff It's it's on a this is a daily time frame Okay, stock market makes a lower low but macd makes a higher low confirms.You still need to confirm with the price action Okay bullish divergence But we still need to confirm with the price action and all sort of the stuff that we're going to do moving forward the Confirming with the price action and stuff. We're going to learn the price action into very very detail So don't stress about that stuff yet. Okay, we will learn everything but bullish divergence This is how kind of works and this is what happened on this particular chart.Look at this It went from this point. Look at this He was sitting at 140. Uh, it went from 140 to all the way to 154.6 First level then it went to 164 and all the way to 170 ish.That's where it went. This is called bullish divergence You get my point now after we have cleared the bullish divergence, let's get into bearish divergence What is a bearish divergence bearish divergence is just other way around right now bearish divergence occurs when the price makes a higher high Price makes a higher high but macd records a lower high You know what? That means a lower high on the higher high on the stock tells us it's an uptrend but lower high on the macd Tells us it is slowing the momentum. The momentum is slowing the trains coming to a full stop.Okay now Same thing the best example is the train train stops fully. All right, then it slowly reverts Try to think of anything that you throw in the sky, right? Now, this is a magic mouse, right? If I throw this magic mouse in the sky, this comes a point where it stops like look at this, right? It comes a point where it stops. That's exactly what the stocks do as well There comes a point when they stop and we're trying to find that point where would it stop exactly, right? It's never going to be exact but you get the point right now.This is called bearish divergence We still need to confirm with the price section, uh, like how this got confirmed But that's later don't stress about this right now. Okay price action comes later
Sorry, let's look at the real example right here and look at this real example What happened here? It made a higher high but lower high here Now if this is the previous resistance kind of previous Resistance can turn into support you see this it bounced a little bit This is confirmation with the price and it went down. This is another confirmation with the price.It came we Went try to go above but rejected heavy went down now If you look at this price it went from 384 up until it gave us a confirmation One confirmation was here up until it gave us a confirmation from 372 to down to 300 pretty much Now do you think now do you think just the MACD was a confirmation? Sorry, now do you think MACD was just a confirmation? No MACD was just not the confirmation MACD just kind of warned us what can happen price action was the confirmation you get my point now I want to go over the key takeaways that you should have from this Okay, the key takeaways that I have for you, uh, there are a bunch of indicators out there That doesn't mean you have to use all or any of them Okay, there's so many indicators out there that does not mean that you need to use all or any of them The goal of us traders is to understand the reasoning why we use a certain indicator There is no holy grail for trading The only holy grail that I have figured out is the price section if you learn price section You will know how indicators work because at the end of the day indicators work on price section like indicators are derived from price section You get my point? So the key takeaway is you do not use to use any or all of or anything all the indicators don't need them Okay, if you use them our goal is to try to understand why we are using them Okay at the end of the day There's no holy grail only holy grail the king in the stock market is price section which we're gonna learn There's three frameworks that I want to go over LTP level strength patient candles We'll go over this all in detail. Don't stress. But as long as you understand the price section is pretty much everything.I'm happy Yes, I do have you do a thumbs up if this makes sense, come on, hey Now as long as this makes sense in the next video We're gonna go over some of the questions that might arise in your brain right now Okay, these questions are important. These questions might be in your brain. So let's clear those questions as we move forward So everything makes sense.All right, sweet. You got this. I know you do.I will see you in the next video All right. Goodbye